OUR ANNUAL MEETING.
The Thirty-fourth Annual Meeting of the American Missionary
Association will be held in the Broadway Church (Rev. Dr.
Chamberlain’s), Norwich, Ct., commencing Oct. 12, at 3 P. M., at
which time the Report of the Executive Committee will be read by
Rev. M. E. Strieby, D.D., Corresponding Secretary. The Annual
Sermon will be preached by Rev. Wm. M. Taylor, D.D., of New York
City, Tuesday evening. Reports, papers, and discussions upon
the work of the Society, may be expected throughout Tuesday and
Wednesday. The following persons have promised to be present and
participate in the exercises, with others: Rev. Lyman Abbott, D.D.,
Gen. Clinton B. Fisk, H. K. Carroll, of New York City; Rev. A. F.
Beard, D.D., Syracuse, N. Y.; Rev. Alex. McKenzie, D.D., Cambridge,
Mass.; Prof. Wm. J. Tucker, D.D., Andover, Mass.; Prof. Cyrus
Northrop, New Haven, Ct.; Rev. Sam’l Scoville, Stamford, Ct.; Rev.
Joseph Anderson, D.D., Waterbury, Ct.; Rev. Wm. H. Willcox, D.D.,
Malden, Mass. We also have invited Pres. Julius Seelye, Amherst,
Mass., and Hon. John P. Page, Rutland, Vt., and hope for favorable
responses. For reduction in railway fares and other important
items, see fourth page of cover.

       *       *       *       *       *

In addition to the speakers from the North announced above, much
interest will be added to our Annual Meeting by addresses from some
of the prominent workers in the Southern field.

       *       *       *       *       *

During the vacation of our schools and workers, there is a dearth
of intelligence from “the field,” which must be the MISSIONARY’S
apology for its leanness. The next number will be made fat with the
good things prepared for us at Norwich, and may be delayed on that
account, after which there will doubtless be abundance from our
teachers and pastors, who will by that time have their work well in
hand once more for another year’s labor.

       *       *       *       *       *

The St. Louis School Board has added oral lessons in etiquette to
its course of studies. A few scholars read in turn five pages from
a manual of etiquette, and then a conversation is held on the topic
by teacher and pupils. We do not see why good manners are not as
essential as good grammar.

So says the _Congregationalist_, and so says the AMERICAN
MISSIONARY. In several of our Institutions at the South, a small
text-book on good manners is used with accompanying oral lessons.
Colored pupils take well to such instruction.

       *       *       *       *       *

Chicago is the freest city in this country. There is no
discrimination except in brains and money. Every place is open to
the colored man. The schools of the city have white and colored
children on the same seats and in the same classes, and no
“kicking” is heard. But what is the strangest of all, there are
two colored ladies who teach schools composed of white as well as
colored.—_Ex._

       *       *       *       *       *

It is possible we may yet go to the negro to learn many things,
especially the virtues allied to, and growing out of, patience
under provocations, of which certainly he has been a wonderful
example. The editorial fraternity of the country would do well to
imitate the example of the colored brethren, who at the meeting
of the Colored National Press Association, recently held in
Louisville, disposed cheaply of what has hitherto been regarded
as the editors’ inestimable and inalienable right by resolving,
“That when differences arise among us, we will eschew vituperation
and personal abuse, and that the columns of our papers shall be
kept free from everything calculated to detract from the tone and
character of journalism.”

       *       *       *       *       *

The defense Roman Catholicism makes against Protestant ruffianism
varies according to environments; in Uganda it takes one form, in
the United States another; but it is good to see the necessity of
some form of it, as stated in one of the Roman Catholic journals
in Mexico as follows: “It is necessary that the Catholics rise
resolutely and make a rapid and voluntary movement in defense of
their belief. To-day, unfortunately, the Protestants come with
a subvention, and their teachings are extending throughout the
whole country. They circulate their writings at the lowest prices,
even give them away, sometimes in tracts, sometimes in papers,
which is the favorite method of sowing the bad seed; and, sad to
say, in exchange, the Catholic weeklies are dying off for lack
of subscribers to sustain them. Protestantism is becoming truly
alarming among us.”

       *       *       *       *       *

The colored Baptist churches of Virginia and South Carolina,
believing the time has come when they should go forth to the
millions of their fatherland with the Gospel, have sent out two
missionaries; and now the churches of Virginia unite in calling a
convention to meet at Montgomery, Ala., on the 24th of November.
This call is as broad as all the colored Baptist churches and other
religious bodies of the colored Baptists of the United States, and
is “for the purpose of eliciting, combining and directing the
energies of all the colored Baptists in one sacred effort for the
propagation of the Gospel in Africa.”

This may seem to some a somewhat narrow call, but it is for a broad
work—a work that shall yet elicit the energies of all our Father’s
children of whatever color and denomination, until the dark
continent shall be made glorious by the Sun of Righteousness.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mohammedanism, whatever its affinity for Africa as it has been, and
its baleful power because of this, has no outlook for the future
of that sad, but soon to be made glad, continent. The _Foreign
Missionary_ well says: “If we consider only the physical condition
of success, it must be allowed that Islam has an immense advantage
in its central position and its vicinage to the field to be won.
There is much also in the greater similarity of character between
the Moslem and the heathen tribes as compared with Europeans, whose
habits are so utterly different from those of all African tribes.
But on the other hand, the forces of Christianity have now well
nigh surrounded Africa, and are pushing through a hundred avenues
into the interior. Discovery, time, commerce and civilization, are
handmaids of the Gospel as they are not of Islam. That can only
endure the dim light which survives from a past age. It belongs to
an age which has passed away, and to a type of civilization which
is everywhere sinking into decay.”

       *       *       *       *       *


JUBILEE SINGERS.

These singers of world-wide fame will once more enter the “service
of song” for Fisk University. They have devoted their wonderful
voices to its benefit for six years, during which they left their
marvelous impress on vast and select audiences in America, Great
Britain, and the Continent, including the highest and humblest
in rank, and have reared as their monument the substantial and
beautiful Jubilee Hall, at Fisk University. The past two years they
have taken for needed rest, and in giving concerts for their own
benefit; and in dedicating themselves to the up-building of the
University, it is now for endowment, as it was then for building.

During all these years, their voices have been more and more highly
cultivated, without losing their freshness and originality, or
their power to move most deeply the hearts of vast audiences, as
was so signally manifested in the enthusiastic gatherings they met
recently at Chautauqua.

The name and fame of these Singers have been repeatedly
appropriated by unworthy imitators. This true Jubilee Troupe, when
again heard, will need no credentials except their own voices to
certify to the public that they are the original Jubilee Singers.

       *       *       *       *       *

Gen. Garfield heard the Jubilee Singers when he was at Chautauqua,
and closed his eloquent speech with this beautiful tribute:

“I heard yesterday and last night the songs of those who were
lately redeemed from slavery, and I felt that there, too, was one
of the great triumphs of the republic. I believe in the efficiency
of forces that come down from the ages behind us; and I wondered
if the tropical sun had not distilled its sweetness, and if the
sorrows of centuries of slavery had not distilled its sadness, into
voices which were touchingly sweet—voices to sing the songs of
liberty as they sing them wherever they go.”

In his speech responding to a serenade by the “Boys in Blue” in
this city, he expressed this noble sentiment in reference to our
colored fellow-citizens—a sentiment which must become a fact
established beyond the possibility of successful assault before
there can be either peace or safety for the nation:

“We will stand by them until the sun of liberty, fixed in the
firmament of our Constitution, shall shine with equal ray upon
every man, black or white, throughout the Union. Fellow-citizens,
fellow-soldiers, in this there is all the beneficence of eternal
justice, and by this we will stand forever.”

       *       *       *       *       *


_Atlanta’s Colored People._—Atlanta, and the world outside that
Chicago of the South, will doubtless be surprised to learn that her
colored people give in $250,000 of taxable property. There are over
six hundred who pay tax on values ranging between $100 and $1,000;
some forty ranging from $1,000 to $6,000 and over. In business
pursuits, there are 40 boot and shoe makers, 40 retail grocers, 75
draymen, 25 hackmen, 20 blacksmiths, 12 barbers, 2 tailors, several
boarding-house keepers, 2 caterers, 5 confectioners, 3 dealers in
fruits, 1 dentist, 1 undertaker, 1 veterinary surgeon, 1 mattrass
maker, and 1 billiard-table keeper. Of bootblacks, newspaper
venders, porters, peddlers, drummers, messengers, hostlers,
waiters, and those engaged in mechanical pursuits, we have no
special data, for they are numerous.

There are eighteen churches in the city, with an average membership
of 350, the three largest having each over 1,500. Over 5,000
children and adults are in the Sabbath schools, and 1,278 children,
about one-half in the public schools of the city. There are three
lodges of Good Templars among them, having a total membership of
about 200. Two lodges of Good Samaritans and Daughters of Samaria
have a membership of some 500. The Brothers Aid Society number
some 250, and the Brothers of Love and Charity 75. The Gospel Aid
Society, Daughters of Bethel, and Daughters of Jerusalem—benevolent
institutions—number a total of about 600. The Masonic lodge has
some 50 members. There are lodges of Odd Fellows whose combined
membership exceeds 600. These institutions have encouraged them to
form habits of sobriety and economy, and imbued them with feelings
of charity and benevolence. There are five military companies, and
they show great proficiency in the manual of arms.

       *       *       *       *       *


COMMON SENSE FOR COLORED MEN.

[The following letter with the above caption is from the New York
_Evangelist_, and was written by the Rev. Moses A. Hopkins, a
colored preacher of Franklinton, N.C. It contains so much truth,
and good, hard, common sense, that the MISSIONARY is constrained to
send it along. This is done with a slight but emphatic caveat in
regard to one paragraph, to which exception is taken as misleading.
To say “the pinching poverty which drove a few idle and ignorant
Freedmen to Indiana, Kansas, and Africa” does not come up to
the proportions, as the writer would imply that it does, of a
satisfactory explanation of this great movement which has taken
more than 40,000 colored people from their old to new homes, at
great expense, both of suffering and money.

From Florence, Ala., many of the most intelligent and well-to-do
of these people exodized. Among those who went to Africa were many
intelligent and thrifty men, sufficiently so to send out an agent
and arrange for the movement, with means to place themselves in
their new home, and they were unanimous in assigning reasons which
justified them in the experiment.—ED. MISS.]

Many designing men, “filled to the brim” with sledge-hammer
rhetoric and campaign eloquence, for more than a decade have “used
sorcery and bewitched the colored people” with their “cunning
craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive,” till many of the
Freedmen thought that the time had fully come when the last should
be first and the first last, and were waiting and watching for
their turn in the White House and Congress.

But having hoped against hope, till hope deferred and poverty had
saddened their hearts, most of them have turned their minds to
the soil, which now promises “seed to the sower and bread to the
eater.” On every hand “the valleys are covered over with corn,”
and God, the poor man’s Friend, has just granted the tillers of
the ground “a plentiful rain,” which causes “the outgoings of the
morning and evening to rejoice.”

The present prospect of a bountiful harvest has greatly inspired
our people to labor and to appreciate honest toil, and to remember
that the great mass of the Freedmen will make better plowmen than
Presidents, and better sowers than Senators. The pinching poverty
which drove a few idle and ignorant Freedmen to Indiana, Kansas
and Africa, has taught those who had the good sense to stay at
home, that God will not bless idleness and ignorance among any
people. Most of the Freedmen have decided to buy land and labor on
it; to build houses and dwell in them, “and to plant gardens and
eat the fruit of them”; to seek the peace of the country and the
cities where God has caused them to be carried away captives; and
to remember that in the peace and prosperity of this country shall
they have peace.

       *       *       *       *       *


OUR SCHOOLS AND THE COMMON SCHOOL SYSTEM.

The settlers of New England showed their uncommon common sense by
the early establishment of Harvard and Yale—the nursing mothers of
the common school system which has made these States what they are.
These colleges are not the ripened fruit of the common schools,
but the creators of them. For these colleges, we are indebted
to a class of men among the Pilgrim Fathers, educated in the
universities of the old world, a class not to be found among the
colored people of the South, and because of which alone, if for no
other reason, their condition differs immensely from that of the
Freedmen, who have no ability to create the instruments by which
they can be lifted up from the degraded condition in which slavery
left them.

The deep-seated prejudice of the Southern white against the fact
of negro education, his bitter unwillingness to see the experiment
tried, coupled with his scornful incredulity that anything worth
the effort could be accomplished, made it certain that those
most deeply concerned, because of the new relation these people
sustained to them, in the elevation, through schools, of the negro,
would originate no efforts to this end. This gospel, like every
other, must be sent to those who are to be specially benefited by
it, and must be sustained, like all missionary enterprises, by
those who know its value, until it can vindicate itself to those to
whom it is sent.

It is not rash to say that, but for outside pressure, few, if
any, of the Southern States would now have a system of common
schools, provided for by State legislation, even for the whites;
even less bold is the assertion that, but for the proved results
of missionary schools for the education of the colored people,
the South, and a large proportion of those in the North, would
be utterly incredulous as to the possibility of making scholars
of the negroes; and that the common schools forced upon the
unwilling South by the constitutions formed by conventions in
which the Southern sentiment found no expression, would never have
gained favor as they have with the people, but for the trained
teachers which our schools and the schools of other societies have
furnished. As in New England, so in the South, the trained teacher
makes the schools, which are thus the children of the colleges and
normal schools.

Wherever we have been able to send competent colored teachers, the
whites are in favor of sustaining the common school system; and it
may with modesty be said, that the A.M.A., perhaps more than any
other agency, has won for it a place in the future of these States,
ten of which, according to the latest reports, appropriate $49,829
for normal instruction in colored schools, a large share of which
goes to institutions established by Northern charity, to carry on
a work the value of which had been fully proven by these schools
before these States contributed a dollar for such a purpose.

In 1878, out of a total school population in the recent slave
States, including the District of Columbia, of 5,187,584, 2,711,096
were enrolled, being nearly 62 per cent. of the whites, and
something more than 47 per cent. of the blacks. Nearly twelve
millions of dollars was expended upon the schools for that year,
and for the most part it has been very equitably divided between
the races, except in Kentucky and Delaware, in which States the
school tax collected from the colored people alone is appropriated
to colored schools.

Thus the teachers of negro schools have fought a great fight, and
have won substantial victories, for a system of education which is
to regenerate the South, and, more than any other and all other
agencies, is to convert elements of danger, which, neglected,
would soon have proved the ruin of our republic, into elements of
strength and greatness.

       *       *       *       *       *


A NEW SOUTH, NOT A NEW ENGLAND IN THE SOUTH.

There is a general feeling outside of, and it is encouraging to
believe even in, the South, that a new state of things is desirable
for that section of the country. No one who has seen its homes,
schools, churches, industries (or want of them), its literature—in
short, whatever at once marks and constitutes its civilization, and
knows how meager and unworthy it is, but assents to the proposition
that the South needs to be regenerated, and heartily wishes that
“old things might pass away and all become new.” In one way or
another, New England has supplemented her earnest wish for it
with most earnest efforts to accomplish this regeneration. To say
nothing of legislative attempts by the Government, thousands of
missionaries, at an expense of millions of dollars, during the past
fifteen years, have, with great self-denial and laborious effort,
attempted the task, and the reports are abundant and uniform that
these efforts are beginning to have their effect. Old prejudices
are yielding; new industries and new institutions, the outcome
of new ideas, are springing up; society is changing, and the
country is beginning to put on a new aspect. Never before have the
societies and laborers engaged in this work been so cheered and
encouraged by the outlook.

It may be well at this point to ask, toward what ideal we are
working, and fairly to consider the forces that are co-operating
with, or working against, us in this effort. The most potent factor
in the creation of a new South must be, of course, the South
itself, as of necessity she will be chiefly the architect of her
own fortunes, good or bad.

It would be unwise, and the effort would prove futile, to attempt
its reconstruction by outside influences and agencies, in utter
disregard of the fact that to her belongs the right, and upon her
devolves the duty, as she alone possesses the power, of shaping
her own destiny. This being the case, it becomes evident that the
new South is not to be a New England in the South, and our Yankee
egotism should not measure the progress made in that section simply
by its observable approximation to Northern ideals. New England, as
it is, could not have been built except upon New England’s hills,
and we shall never see it in the cotton fields, rice swamps and
everglades of the sunny South.

Other influences than those that are merely ethnic and moral help
to mold the character of a people, and to develop the industries
by which it shapes its civilization. We dare not think what the
result to our Republic would have been had the Mayflower found the
mouth of the Mississippi River instead of Plymouth harbor, and had
the Pilgrim Fathers settled on the savannahs of Louisiana instead
of the bleak hills of New England. The intelligent and thrifty
New England farmer, transplanted to Florida, may not, indeed,
degenerate into an everglade “cracker,” whose “strength is to sit
still” and chew tobacco; but he cannot be a New England farmer in
Florida, for the reason that he has neither the climate, soil nor
products of his old farm, and none of the conditions which partly
prompted, and partly compelled, the thrift which has characterized
the farmers of New England.

New England has emptied itself, probably more than once, into
the West; she has sent her sons and daughters out into the great
prairies with the school-house and the church, and they have built
them homes hallowed and made beautiful by these influences, but
they have not reproduced Yankee New England, and they never can.

In the new South, the ugly mud-daubed log huts will give place
to neat cottages; the school-houses will be multiplied until all
her children shall possess facilities for acquiring education;
churches, supplied with an educated ministry, will be accessible
to all inhabitants; roads will be built, over which it will be
possible to travel with comfort; the immense tracts of land
now impoverished and running to waste will be brought under
cultivation; a Christian conscience will displace a false code
of honor among the people as a rule of conduct, and methods more
civilized than the pistol and bowie-knife will be resorted to in
adjusting misunderstandings among neighbors. All this will be, and
of this there are evident tokens that it is now coming in. But the
wide diversity of soil and climate and other conditions of life,
the antipodal ideas which have shaped the character of the people,
the heterogeneous elements which more and more are entering into
the make-up of the population of the different sections—in short,
the necessities of the case, make it absolutely certain that New
England is to be confined to New England, and greatly modified even
there, and that the civilizations of the South and the West are to
be in many respects widely different, possessing characteristics
as marked, and doubtless as valuable, as those which have made
the influence of New England so beneficent upon the country at
large. It is wise, as it is also incumbent upon us, to supply the
educational influences which shall change the whole aspect of
Southern society, but foolish to undertake to cast it in the exact
form of that which we are proud to call New England.

       *       *       *       *       *


MTESA AND THE RELIGION OF HIS ANCESTORS.

In 1875, Stanley wrote in the _London Telegraph_ of the wonderful
opening in Uganda, at the court and among the people of Mtesa, for
missionary effort. Within three days after the publication of his
letter, the Church Missionary Society received, from an unknown
giver, $25,000, which was soon increased by the same person to
$50,000, for opening a mission among the Waganda.

The reception of the mission, which was soon sent out, was most
encouraging. The opposition of the Mohammedan Arabs, bitter as it
was, did not materially interfere with its prospects. The king
seemed intelligently alive to the fact that there was something,
at least, in a Christian _civilization_ infinitely superior to
what was offered in Mohammedanism or heathenism. For a time,
everything progressed most encouragingly; the king and all his
people gave themselves assiduously to the new doctrines, and the
work of the mission was interrupted only temporarily by a suspicion
on the part of the king that the missionaries were emissaries of
the Khedive of Egypt, and were intriguing in his interest. This
jealousy was soon allayed, friendly relations were restored, and
the work was fully resumed, when there appeared upon the scene ten
Jesuit missionaries, sent out by the Archbishop of Algiers, with
instructions to occupy every station of the Protestant missionary
societies in the region of Victoria Nyanza and Tanganika, with the
intention of carrying the French language and influence into the
depths of Central Africa.

Their coming endangered for a time the life of the mission, and
their settlement near the palace by the king proved to be a serious
obstacle to the prosecution of its work. They gladly bribed the
king with gifts of arms and ammunition, articles eagerly sought by
him, but refused by the Protestant missionaries. They immediately
assumed a most hostile attitude toward the mission; denounced
the missionaries as liars, and threw the king and court into the
greatest perplexity. “What am I to believe?” cried the king.
“Who is right? First, I was a heathen, then a Mohammedan, then a
Christian; now some more white men come and tell me these English
are liars. Perhaps if I follow them, other white men will come and
tell me these are liars also.”

After a time, matters had settled down to comparative quiet.
The missionaries appealed to the word, which they were rapidly
teaching the people to read. King and people were learning with an
eagerness like that manifested by the Freedmen of the South after
the surrender. The king had the prayers written out in Arabic
characters, and ordered many copies, so that all might join in the
Sunday services; and such was the evident interest of all, that
neither the efforts of the Moslems, made after the fast of Ramadhan
last autumn, to have their creed introduced, nor the opposition of
the Jesuits, availed to hinder the work.

But there was a danger greater than the joint opposition of Arab
and Frenchman, of Islam and Loyola, with their confederates of the
slave trade—an adversary more to be dreaded, because indigenous to
the country, not foreign, and entrenched more deeply and strongly
in the African nature than any possible influence by which he could
be swayed.

Messrs. Mackay and Litchfield were in November last anxiously
awaiting the return of Mr. Felkin from England, whither he had gone
with the Uganda chiefs, being in sore need of more paper to meet
the demand made for printed cards and pages of the Scriptures. Mr.
Pearson was at Kagei, where he had gone to bring some machinery
from that point to Rubaga. This he was not able to do and was
compelled to return without it. On arriving at Buganga his request
to be allowed to go on was refused, because Mokassa, one of the
Lubari of the Nyanza, had possession of a part of the lake, and no
one could pass over it. At the same time a number of half-caste
traders were kept waiting at Rubaga, not allowed to proceed to
Unyanyembe until this Neptune, god or devil of the lake should
return home. Messrs. Mackay and Litchfield heard from time to time
that the Lubare was expected at court to cure the king of his
sickness. One day they ventured to introduce the subject of his or
her (for in this case the Lubare is an old woman who personifies
the spirit or devil of the lake), coming. The king entered heartily
into the subject and translated to his chiefs all that was said by
the missionaries. They said to him, if Lubare is a god, then there
are two gods in Uganda—Jehovah and Mokassa. If he is a man, then
there are two kings in Uganda—Mtesa, who has given permission for
these traders to depart, and Mokassa, who has forbidden it.

The next day, an order was sent for the traders to depart, and the
king proposed to his court that some cattle should be given to the
Lubare and she should be ordered to go back the way she came.

Weeks passed, and it seemed doubtful whether the king would triumph
or the old chiefs and the king’s mother, who insisted that the
Lubare should have houses erected for her in the king’s inner
court. Mtesa himself said to Mr. Mackay, “I believe what you say is
true, and that every Lubare is a liar, and deceives the people only
to get food.”

There was a gathering of the old chiefs, and the king was advised
by them that the missionaries had come to take possession of the
country, and were laboring to change its customs as a preliminary
step to conquering them altogether. Evidently the king was afraid
of the chiefs. The missionaries were at length summoned to court,
where were gathered the chiefs and a vast concourse of people. At
length the king announced the result of the council: “We shall now
have nothing more to do with either the Arabs’ or the white men’s
religion; but we shall return to the religion of our fathers.”
Every one assented with a simultaneous motion of hands. The next
day, the beating of drums announced the great procession which
accompanied the Mokassa to the palace.

The pupils have all ceased to come to the mission; a time
of persecution is anticipated by those who have inclined to
Christianity; and everything looks dark for the mission, which
had been planted at great expense, with so much hope. It is
emphatically Satan’s hour of triumph; but we feel assured that the
hour of the Son of Man also draweth near, and this darkest is the
hour before the dawning of the day.

       *       *       *       *       *


BEGGING LETTER.

[We give a prominent place in our pages to Mrs. Chase’s letter,
hoping it may meet with speedy and abundant answers. These calls,
dear friends, are frequent, and they are urgent; but they are the
calls of our Divine Lord in the person of His poor children, that
we give them a fair chance to rise up from the degradation into
which they have been thrust, and in which wicked prejudice and
selfishness would keep them. We earnestly hope Mrs. C.’s experience
of ten years ago will be by as much more blessed in your responses,
as our encouragement in this work, and apprehensions of its value,
are enlarged.—ED. MISS.]

                                                  ATLANTA, GA.

Begging letters! How you hate them! so do we! How often have we
been deluded with the hope that there was to be no more need of
this unpleasant duty. Friends unexpectedly come to the rescue of
needy students. Often since 1869 large donations have set our
feet upon mountain tops when we had expected to remain years
in the valleys. But every little while we have to meet our old
bug-bear. After one year’s absence we had been back but a few
days when President Ware said, “These twenty-six new rooms are to
be furnished; you’ll write some letters for us, won’t you, Mrs.
Chase?” Now that means begging; but those of you who know anything
of the type of President Ware’s devotion to Atlanta University,
know that the only reply possible for his friends to make would be,
“Certainly, sir.” So here I am doing the thing you and I hate.

This begging money to furnish rooms brings up so many memories, I
must ask you to indulge me in a few reminiscences.

       *       *       *       *       *

Eleven years ago we had but one building—teachers, scholars,
sleeping-rooms, dining room, etc., all crowded into that one.
Enough furniture was sent from an abandoned school in Augusta to
make the teachers’ rooms comfortable. In the students’ rooms, a
barrel with a board on it did the double duty of washstand and
table. In the summer of 1870, a new building for young men was
well on its way. It was our first summer in Atlanta. Some one
suggested that it would be pleasant to have individual friends,
Sunday-schools and churches furnish the dormitories, and keep with
us a memento of their generosity by placing the donor’s name over
each door.

How well I remember with what enthusiasm I sat down, ten years
ago, to write my first begging letter. I gazed then upon this same
charming view that I am feasting my eyes upon at this moment, and
drank in hope and courage from this wide north view, with the
strong old Kenesaw towering in the distance.

Soon responses came. You little realize how much joy has
been brought to weary teachers on opening letters with a
twenty-five-dollar check for a room. One such occasional letter
compensated for many chilling ones, and lightened the weary hours
spent in timidly addressing this friend and that. Nearly all of
us turned beggars, and soon had the name of our home church or
Sunday-school, our native town or some dear friend, beaming down
upon us as we walked through the buildings. At length, every
student’s room became sacred to the memory of some faithful friend
of the Freedmen. Some donations came as thank-offerings for dear
ones restored to health. At the end of one corridor is a group of
four rooms where three are named for three sisters whose husbands
have all been engaged in Southern work, and the fourth bears
the name of their sainted grandfather, whose prayers and tears,
mingling with multitudes all over our land, doubtless hastened on
the glad day his eyes were never here permitted to see.

In the wing of the young men’s building is a room furnished by
a gentleman who named it for a dear brother stricken down by
consumption when nearly through his studies, and who gave great
promise of usefulness. This gentleman has had a book-case placed in
that brother’s room, and sends frequent donations of books for the
use of the occupants of “Ferrier” room.

An Andover schoolmate, an Abbott Academy girl, named a room for
her father, a devoted friend of the slave, and sends for its walls
pictures, brackets, etc. Abbott Academy, as a school, has furnished
a room in each building. One room is named for Dr. Gurley, of
Washington, Abraham Lincoln’s beloved pastor. Just beside it
is “Alice Carey,” in memory of an only daughter, a precious bud
opening under brighter skies. Opposite is the name of the devoted
father.

“Celeste,” my dearest companion in girlhood, though so angelic
then, speaks to me _now only_ of her celestial home.

“Little,” the young physician, brave soldier, and devoted husband
of another dear friend, reminds me of the sweet promise that the
darkness shall some time be made light.

So each of the hundred rooms has some history, many doubtless very
precious to the donors, while unknown to us.

I must write of one more name, “Clarke,” which always deeply moves
me. In 1862, our lamented E. P. Smith, whose earthly life went out
in the Dark Continent, was laboring with his efficient and devoted
wife in the hospitals of Nashville, Tenn., under the Christian
Commission. Their first-born and only son, Clarke, sickened and
died. Instead of leaving their post, heartbroken, they remained at
the side of those wounded and dying soldiers, enclosed the precious
dust in its little casket, and sent it to their dear Northern home.

In 1870, without any personal appeal, but in response to a letter
in the MISSIONARY, soliciting aid in furnishing rooms, came a
precious note, calling down upon us and our work benedictions, of
which so many have felt the inspiration, and closing with, “Please
find enclosed $40 for a room in Atlanta University; please name it
Clarke.

                      Yours, for the Master,

                                                     E. P. SMITH.”

       *       *       *       *       *

This summer, through the generosity of R. R. Graves, a large
wing, which has been so much needed, is being added to the girls’
building. $25 will buy a neat, plain set of furniture for each of
the rooms. I am sure there are some friends who will be glad to
know of this further opportunity of sending $25 and some dear name.

                         Yours very truly,

                                                MRS. T. N. CHASE.

       *       *       *       *       *


AFRICAN NOTES.

—_Lovedale_: THE MISSIONARY, a few months since, gave facts to
substantiate the assertion that the Free Church’s Industrial and
Mission School at Lovedale was one of the busiest in the world. A
magnificent pile of new buildings, which will cost £10,000, will
soon meet the demand for enlargement which has been most urgent.
The old school buildings will still be used, and these, with the
new, the girl’s boarding-house, and the shops required for the
various trades, will form a collegiate establishment of which
Scotland may well be proud.

Lovedale is the centre and source of healthful educational and
saving influences which are reaching out into a large portion of
Southern Africa—a true missionary centre. It has a large native
church under charge of a native pastor, who has studied the
Scriptures in their original language. A missionary association has
connected with it several Kaffir young men who preach in all the
kraals of the vicinity, and Evangelists who have carried the gospel
to Nyassa, and even to Tanganyika. It has also a literary society,
a training society, a Young Men’s Christian Association, and other
societies such as the best-working churches of this country find
necessary for best efficiency.

—The Free Church of Scotland, since the death of Capt. Benzie, of
the _Ilala_, and of Mr. Gunn, last April, are making explorations
with a view to a removal of their Station from Livingstonia to a
more healthful location. The probable site is Bandawi, midway on
the western shore of Nyassa, and contiguous to the promising tribes
of the Atonga and the Mangoni, who have reproached the missionaries
for not settling among them. The Royal Geographical Society has
published in its proceedings the letter of Mr. Stewart, the civil
engineer of the Mission, describing his explorations in search of
this site, with two maps showing his route on the western coast.

       *       *       *       *       *

—A Mission of the Protestant Episcopal Church of the United States
on the West Coast of Africa, at Cape Mount, among the Vey people,
has been commenced under the supervision of a young man of such
energy, talent and Christian spirit, as give promise of successful
prosecution.

It will be remembered that the Veys are distinguished as the only
tribe on the continent of Africa which has invented an alphabet,
and a missionary of the Church Missionary Society has made a
grammar of their language. The natives are able to communicate with
each other by written letters of their own invention.

Those interested in the evangelization of Africa will rejoice in
the establishment of this Mission, and will watch with unusual
interest its success among these, the most interesting of all the
tribes on the west African coast.

       *       *       *       *       *

—The success of the Belgian Exploration Company in the use of
elephants imported from Asia, for the transportation of its
baggage, has doubtless suggested the formation of a company at
Monrovia for the capture of native elephants for the same purpose.
Vice-President Warner is president of the company, and a hunter
of great experience is in charge of an expedition which has been
equipped and sent out for the purpose of capturing some of these
noble animals, and there is hope that they will prove so valuable
that they will be esteemed for more than their tusks, and their
wholesale slaughter will cease.

       *       *       *       *       *

—_Malugsy needle-work_ is so superior to that of the English that
it does not pay to send to Madagascar made-up goods, as the natives
speak with contempt of the bad sewing, and insist that the cost of
picking it out shall be deducted from the price of such articles.

       *       *       *       *       *

—The London Missionary Society announces the safe arrival at
Zanzibar, on the 29th of May, of the Revs. A. J. Wookey and D.
Williams, with Dr. Palmer, on their way to the Central African
Mission.

       *       *       *       *       *

—_The Stanley Pool Expedition_ of the Livingstone Island Mission,
under the leadership of Mr. Adam McCall, is supposed to have
reached the Congo about the 20th of April. The last tidings were
written within three days of landing, and were very favorable.
Donkeys and kroomen had been secured, and of the latter several
were warm-hearted native Christians, who will, it is hoped, render
good service as fellow-laborers in the Gospel.

       *       *       *       *       *


ITEMS FROM THE FIELD.

MARIETTA, GA.—On the Sabbath, June 6th, the new church, which
is also to be used as a school building, at Marietta, Ga., was
dedicated. The sermon, by Superintendent Roy, was upon the
rebuilding of the Temple by the ex-captives. A Presbyterian
minister from Pennsylvania being present, offered the prayer of
dedication. The house is 24×40 feet, well finished and painted, and
furnished with desks that answer the double purpose of church and
school use. The people raised $200 toward the building. Prof. T.
N. Chase gave the people a Sunday supply, reporting his visit to
Africa. Two young business men in Illinois put each $25 into this
Christian investment.

       *       *       *       *       *

TALLADEGA, ALA.—The students are doing good service during
vacation, teaching in day and Sabbath Schools, and keeping up with
their studies so as not to fall behind if unable to return at the
beginning of the term. One who is teaching for the third season at
Hackneyville, Ala., has his sister, also a pupil from this college,
associated with him. At a recent picnic on the school grounds,
held for the purpose of creating an interest in education, leading
citizens, both white and black, made addresses.

Swayne Hall, of which we have seen a fine photograph, is too good
a building to be allowed to rot down, as it is doing, for want of
$3,000 needed to save it and put it in proper shape for the most
efficient service. Will not some one save $15,000 to Talladega
College by sending his checque for $3,000?

       *       *       *       *       *

ATHENS, ALA.—The Trinity School at this place is going forward with
its new building. Last summer the colored people by volunteer labor
made and burned a kiln of 120,000 bricks, and have made another
this summer. If time is money, it takes a great deal of it to do
a work for which there is no money, but under the inspiration of
Miss M. F. Wells, who for a dozen years has been principal of the
school, and is the good angel of this enterprise, the people are
slowly but steadily moving forward to its accomplishment.

       *       *       *       *       *

LAWSON, ALA.—Rev. Spencer Snell rejoices in some eighteen hopeful
conversions as the fruit of a series of meetings held in August.

       *       *       *       *       *

FISK UNIVERSITY, TENN.—The Jubilee Singers at Chautauqua have been
attracting attention to this Institution, and to themselves as
cultivated persons, almost, it may be said, irrespective of color.
Their singing was one of the most fortunate and popular features of
the wonderful gathering at that famous place.

       *       *       *       *       *

PARIS, TEXAS.—The Rev. J. W. Roberts, who is located at Paris,
Texas, an enterprising and growing city on the Texas and Pacific
Railroad, writes of a pleasant series of meetings resulting in some
ten additions to the two churches under his charge. He has since
been delivering a series of Biblical lectures which attracted in
members and pastors from other colored churches and a sprinkling
of white people. He is soon to be reinforced by Mr. S. B. White,
a graduate of the Normal Department in Talladega, who is to teach
the parish school. This church was organized in 1868 by a man who
at another place had his life sacrificed to the turbulence of those
times. He makes an appeal for a much needed communion service. If
some one of our churches has supplied itself with a new service,
its old one would be thankfully received; or if some one will
contribute a new one, it would be at once a graceful and grateful
thing to do.

       *       *       *       *       *

HELENA, TEXAS.—Rev. M. Thompson, on the first Sabbath of August,
had the joy of receiving to his church six persons who had recently
found the Saviour. The school in this place is now to be taught by
Miss Henderson, a graduate of the Normal Department of Straight
University.

       *       *       *       *       *

AUSTIN, TEXAS.—The Tillotson Collegiate and Normal Institute at
Austin, Texas, has been built during the year. Including the
basement above ground and the mansard roof, it has five stories and
is a commodious and comely structure, crowning one of the finest
sites about that beautiful city in the valley of the Colorado.

       *       *       *       *       *




THE FREEDMEN.

REV. JOS. E. ROY, D.D.,

FIELD SUPERINTENDENT, ATLANTA, GA.

       *       *       *       *       *


COLORED CADETSHIP.

REV. L. C. LOCKWOOD

[In giving the following letter it will, of course, be understood
that neither the A. M. A. nor Gen. Armstrong, nor even the Editor,
is committed to the plan suggested. Whether it is policy for the
friends of the negro to take up the gauntlet and cross swords in
his behalf on all occasions, or to possess their souls in patience
while they quietly wait for old prejudices to die, and a more
Christian spirit to prevail, may be a doubtful question.

Whether it would be advisable, even if the plan of a military
school for colored boys were adopted, to engraft it upon Hampton,
or upon any of our present schools, should be thoroughly weighed
before decision. But we are glad to hear what Mr. Lockwood, who
established our first Freedmen’s School at Hampton, has to say,
and print his letter not alone for the interesting anecdote of
our lamented Lincoln, but also as suggestive of thought on this
important subject.—ED. MISSIONARY.]

As the first missionary among the Freedmen (then refugees), at
Hampton and Fortress Monroe, Va., in 1861–2; I take a great
interest in the problem of colored cadetship.

After the persecution to which these cadets have been subjected
at West Point, I think wisdom dictates the wide circulation of
a petition to Congress, to have a National Military Academy
established in connection with the Hampton Institute, under the
Presidency of General Armstrong, who has already given that
Institute a national reputation. Would not this peaceful way of
bringing about the desired end be better than to battle with West
Point? In illustration, I offer an unpublished fact that showed
Lincoln’s common sense. After his proclamation about the arming of
colored troops in 1862, I went to Washington, and in company with
Senator Pomeroy, informed the President that the colored people of
Hampton were ready to enlist. His memorable reply was: “Yes, but
Fortress Monroe is not ready. Pennsylvania is not ready. New York
is not ready. The Country is not ready. My proclamation meant this
much and no more: Gov. Andrews, of Massachusetts, wishes to arm the
Yankee negro; Generals Hunter and Saxton wish to arm a few South
Carolina negroes to occupy a post, and relieve the soldiers for
active duty. Let them do it. But the rest must bide their time.
Please leave your statement with the Secretary of War, and when we
are ready we will let you know.” This “making haste slowly” was
what brought us through that tug of war, and I would recommend the
same common sense in reference to the cadetship. And I hope some
influential friend of the cause will second my suggestion, and
leave West Point alone in its unenviable glory.

       *       *       *       *       *


M’LEANSVILLE, N. C.

Revival Interest.

REV. A. CONNET

Our revival commenced on the Sabbath, August 15. That night there
were four or five inquirers. Monday the interest increased, and
Monday night there were thirty inquirers. Tuesday there were twelve
or fifteen conversions. Tuesday night, 28 or 30 inquirers and
three or four conversions. The number of inquirers continued to
be from ten to twenty till the close of the meetings. The whole
number of conversions was about 25. The congregation on the
15th was the largest, we are told, that it has ever been. Only
about two-thirds of the people could get into the church, even
by the closest packing. Sunday, the 22d, between the sermon in
the forenoon and communion in the afternoon, we examined 23 new
candidates for membership, one to be restored and two for renewing
their covenants. In the afternoon they were publicly received, and
more than half of them baptized. I also baptized two infants. The
communion was then administered to a large number of communicants.
The house was full, forenoon and afternoon. One man, 56 years old,
and his wife as old, or a little older, walked ten miles Sunday
morning to attend the communion. Another man walked ten miles,
or over, to the meeting, both the 15th and the 22d. Three of our
pupils came about 35 or 40 miles to the meeting, by rail; another,
a young woman, came by private conveyance 20 miles; and another, a
young man, walked 12 miles, and came forward as an inquirer. Four
of the converts were members of my daughter’s Sunday-school class,
a number of them were members of my class, and nearly all young
people and members of our school. Two are married men. One young
woman came to us by letter from the Methodist Episcopal church.

It was truly a season of refreshing from the Lord. The people held
a prayer-meeting Sabbath night, the 22d. We were too tired to go
out. We were told that all the non-professors in the congregation
(and the house was full), except three or four, came forward for
prayer.

More than a dozen bade us good-by at the depot. Seven girls walked
three miles to bid us good-by. We were greatly rejoiced that Miss
Douglass was with us to share in our labors and in our joys. Some
of the converts are among our brightest and most advanced scholars.

       *       *       *       *       *


SOUTH CAROLINA.

MR J. D. BACKENSTOSE.

During my recent vacation (spent in the State of New York) the
question most frequently asked me was, “Are the Freedmen as anxious
to obtain an education, as they were when schools for them were
first opened?”

I have answered these inquiries by relating some of my experience,
and fearing lest Christians at the North have the impression that
they are less eager, and so are becoming weary in aiding these poor
people in their struggles for an education, I now relate it for the
benefit of the readers of the MISSIONARY.

In the fall of ’73, two young men from distant part of the county
came to our Institute at Greenwood, S. C., and asked permission
to occupy a vacant room in the building and cook their own meals
while they attended the Institute. I consented, and assisted them
in furnishing the room. From the wood-shed we procured lumber for a
bedstead and table, had boxes for chairs, and newspapers for window
shades. They were delighted with this, and immediately wrote to
their friends that there were excellent accommodations for boarders
at Brewer Institute, and before the winter had fairly set in, there
were nineteen men living in that room, which measured only 30×32.

Another raid was made on the wood-shed, and three more bedsteads
hastily built after the pattern of the first, and on these four
bedsteads the nineteen men slept four months. Part of them would
retire at an early hour and sleep till midnight, then arise and
let the others take their places. While some were sleeping, the
others were cooking and preparing their lessons for the next day,
in the same room. During all this time, I never heard a complaining
word from them. Our rooms are now neatly furnished for students,
and we have recently built a good frame house which is also well
furnished. We have accommodations for only twenty students, and
yet during a part of the past winter we had thirty-three crowded in
these rooms, and even then they were unwilling that I should say we
were full and could accommodate no more.

So eager are they for an education, that they are willing to live
for a time on corn meal, bacon, and molasses. The former they mix
with cold water, minus the eggs and butter, and, after baking, eat
it with their meat, gravy, or molasses. This three times a day and
seven days in a week. Tea and coffee are never on their bill of
fare.

The home of two of these men was fourteen miles distant, and once
in two weeks they would walk there on Friday afternoon and return
on Sunday night, bringing on their shoulders provisions to last
them till they should go again.

A young man, a Baptist minister, who was obliged to leave school a
few weeks before the close of the term, walked sixty miles in order
to be examined with his class at the close of the term.

Could ever a people be more anxious to obtain an education than
these are now? Twenty-three of those who have lived and struggled
in this way to obtain an education are now engaged in teaching,
and have under their care over thirteen hundred pupils. We have
a beautiful school building well furnished with everything but a
cabinet organ, and we believe that God will put it in the heart of
some good friend to send us that.

A lively interest is constantly and in various ways manifested by
the people, and everything gives promise of abundant fruit in the
future. If our highest hopes have not already been realized, we
thank God for the progress made. May He put it into the hearts of
the benefactors of this race to add to their gifts and prayers,
until not only twenty-three, but ten times that number shall go out
from Brewer Normal Institute, as competent instructors of thousands
of their brethren now ignorant and despised.

       *       *       *       *       *


GEORGIA.

Anniversary of Midway Church.

REV. FLOYD SNELSON, M’INTOSH, LIBERTY CO.

Last Sabbath was a day of great interest to us as a church. It was
our regular communion season, and in addition to that, we observed
our anniversary for the first time, though it is six years since we
organized. The other branch of the old Midway church that formed
itself into a Presbyterian body, came over with its pastor, Rev.
J. T. H. Waite, to share the enjoyment of the occasion with us. We
find, in reviewing our history, that, including those who formed
the original church, 337 persons have connected themselves with
it; ten have been dismissed, fifteen have been excommunicated,
and twenty-eight have gone to their eternal home; leaving 284 to
continue the Christian warfare. It is true that a great many of
our members occupy the two extremes in life, and are very old or
very young, and consequently bring no pecuniary strength to the
church. Still there is a benefit derived from both which is of
infinitely greater value than mere money, though we poor mortals
are in many instances unable to see it. Especially is this the
case when our eyes are both bent on self. However, the young will
certainly prove, in due time, a help to the church also in the
way of material support. Our church edifice is still unfinished,
and as there are no means of heating it it is an uncomfortable
place for service during the winter. Notwithstanding the failure
of crops from the drought this year, my people have resolved to do
everything they can toward completing it. Will some friend come to
our aid? “He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the Lord;
and that which he hath given will He pay him again.”

       *       *       *       *       *


Atlanta University—An Encouraging Precedent.

The Atlanta University, at Atlanta, Ga., was one of the earliest
educational institutions in this country to adopt as a text-book
Dr. Richardson’s “Temperance Lesson Book,” published by the
National Temperance Society. Among the recent commencement
exercises of the University was a thorough examination in
this admirable text-book concerning alcohol. A New England
correspondent, who was present and listened to the examination, was
much gratified with it. In thus leading the way in giving to its
students thorough scientific instruction concerning alcohol, the
Atlanta University merits the warmest commendation from all friends
of temperance. It furnishes a most valuable precedent which we hope
may ere long be followed by all our colleges and universities, as
well as academies and public schools.

       *       *       *       *       *

Our correspondent writes:

“I spent most of the time in the temperance examination. They use
Dr. Richardson’s text-book, and the students showed that they had
been thoroughly drilled in it. Isn’t it a very admirable thing for
this book to be used in that place? There are nearly three hundred
students, and they all study it at some time; and with scarcely an
exception these students go out into the by-ways and hedges of this
and other States to teach the colored children. They teach through
the vacations to earn money for the next term. Think what a leaven
this is to work among the poor, ignorant creatures. They estimate
that the University students reach ten thousand children during the
year. I attended the graduating exercises and thoroughly enjoyed
them. The essays and orations were excellent. The speaking was
really eloquent. One blind-folded would never have guessed that he
was listening to black students, all of whose parents were slaves
only seventeen years ago. Mayor Calhoun and one of the ex-Governors
were present.”

The National Temperance Society has just received the sum of
seventy dollars from this Institution, money collected by its
students for temperance work, and we have forwarded a large case of
books, tracts and pamphlets for distribution throughout the South
during the summer vacation.—_From National Temperance Advocate._

       *       *       *       *       *


ALABAMA.

Good Vacation Work.

REV. J. D. SMITH, SHELBY IRON WORKS.

We have just had a refreshing time here in our church from the
good Lord. Shortly after that class of eight young men graduated
from the Theological Department of Talladega College, Bros.
Cantry, Strong and Y. B. Sims, all members of my church, came
down to spend a few days at their homes with their relatives and
friends before going to their fields of labor. Each of them did
some faithful preaching for several evenings. It seemed at first
as though we were not going to have any success, but I continued
the meetings after the brethren left us, and the Lord gave us some
nine or ten conversions as the result of our labors. We received
ten new members into the church last night. It was one of the most
interesting occasions we have ever had here. The meetings were
very quiet indeed; no excitement. They were all converted through
the simple preaching of the Gospel and the quiet persuasion of the
spirit of Christ. There was not as much fervor among the brethren
as I like to see; the Lord did the work, nevertheless, and we give
all the glory to Him.

Most of the members who united with us last night were heads of
families, and all of them were adults. Our church is gathering in
the best material in the place. The members of the other churches
say their ministers do not feed them, and they must seek for better
pastures. Our church has a brighter outlook than ever before.

The Sunday-school is in a flourishing condition. The Lord is
building up His Zion here. Pray for us, that we may still be
refreshed from Heaven.

       *       *       *       *       *


Outside Work.

REV. W. H. MOORE, FLORENCE.

This has been a busy week with me, and I trust one of good to our
cause, in removing false impressions, &c. I have come in contact
with the masses of the people; we like each other well. Last
Wednesday night I preached at Oak Grove A. M. E. Church. As we
approached the meeting house, our ears were greeted with a volume
of song, and the woods re-echoed with such weird strains as only
our people in their unlettered state can produce. The surrounding
grove was filled with horses and mules hitched to the trees. The
church was packed; all seats were filled, pulpit filled, windows
crowded, standing room taken, doors filled, and large numbers out
of doors. There were all kinds and conditions present, from the
ebony hue to the pearly white, from the infant in its mother’s lap
to the octogenarian; women and men sat round the floor of the rude
pulpit, and just left standing room for me to speak.

The thought of their ignorance and superstition, and the fact
that fifty or more of their number were seeking the Saviour,
fired my heart and mind. I preached from Matt. vi., 33, and they
listened with rapt attention, while I spoke as I only could under
the inspiration of such an audience and the presence of the Holy
Spirit. More than twenty have decided for Christ since the Sabbath.

On my return to town, I gave a lecture on Labor—the dignity of
labor, and that labor should be duly rewarded. The meeting had been
well advertised and worked up by friends, so there was a good turn
out, especially of working-men and women.

I think I begin to see the dawn of a bright day for our cause
here. To-morrow afternoon I preach a sermon to children. It is
to be our S. S. Centenary (Raikes’?) Celebration. The church
will be decorated with evergreen and flowers. I shall give each
one a beautiful card, a present from the Muskegon, Mich., S. S.
That Sunday-school and the “Little Ones of the Bird’s Nest” of
Kalamazoo, Mich., have sent us a lot of beautiful papers and cards
as a memento of the day.

I have had the pleasure of carrying the word of life to the aged,
infirm, and sick who cannot attend church often. I receive more
comfort, I think, than I give. It did do my heart good to see a
dear old aged and infirm lady rejoice and weep that she had the
word brought to her. I shall see this class of God’s poor as often
as I can. I do enjoy the pastoral and pulpit work; would that I
might do it better. It is my only ambition to become a faithful and
successful minister of Jesus Christ.

To-day Mr. Alex. Jones, Sr., and I attended a large country
gathering ten miles west of Florence. The crops are unusually large
this year. We noticed on our way large farms of golden corn and
fields of blooming cotton, which will soon be changed into snowy
whiteness. This is a holiday with the farmers, who have laid by
their crops and are now hopefully awaiting the harvest time. They
have an annual picnic at Bethlehem Church. Two hours of the morning
and two of the afternoon are devoted to speeches. The audience
was large and appreciative. I spoke an hour, and received several
“Amens,” “That’s so,” and “Tell it, brother.” Then followed the
hand-shaking, good words, &c., when I had finished. I enjoyed it
royally, and trust I did some good.

       *       *       *       *       *


MISSISSIPPI.

Tougaloo University—Its Location, Work, Equipments, Success and
Needs.

REV. G. STANLEY POPE.

The immediate surroundings of Tougaloo University are, perhaps,
the most beautiful of any of our schools. At the same time it has
seemed for the past three years to be a very healthful location.
The school has been unusually full during the past year, and
the work in the school-room has been most thorough. I have had
associated with me a very competent and willing corps of workers.
Their work has been every thing I could ask for. We attempt to give
only a thorough, practical _Normal_ training in our school, feeling
that this meets the present necessities of the colored people of
our State. We are willing to take the rough stone from the quarry
and put on the heavy, telling strokes of the _builder_, and leave
the more artistic strokes of the sculptor to be given by some of
our sister institutions. A peculiar and interesting feature of our
school-room work is the study of the Bible in the class-room. This
is done to give a special preparation for Sunday-school work.

We have sufficient apparatus for illustrating physics, but beyond
this we are poorly supplied with school-room conveniencies. We have
but a limited supply of models, maps and charts, while our library
consists mostly of Congressional documents.

A peculiar feature of the work at Tougaloo is the training given
the students in gardening, farming, stock-raising and housework.
Already the shipment of strawberries to the Chicago market is
proving a rich remuneration to student labor. Our clover field is
a wonder to the students and neighboring planters, and our fine
blooded cattle not much less of a surprise. These industries are
opening up new avenues of livelihood as well as usefulness to our
students. Many of our young women have been but field hands, so
that the work about the house and in the sewing room is a new kind
of labor to them.

We have been able to do nothing, comparatively, in the church work.
No churches have been organized as the outgrowth of our school.
There are communities ripe for such work if we only had the means
to carry it on. There are points along the lines of railroad that
could be supplied by students if we only had a theological class to
put to work in organizing and carrying on church work. We have not
neglected the Sunday-school work because we have not been able to
do all that we have wanted, but have visited schools and held some
conventions. The influence of these conventions is being felt in
the surrounding country.

The exodus affects our school but little thus far. The effect of
the movement upon the colored people themselves has not been such
as to warrant us in encouraging it in any way. Many of the patrons
of our school have secured small farms and are in a way to give
their families a fair education. Our school is becoming more widely
known and its influence more powerfully felt. Parents came two
hundred miles to see their sons graduate last June. Applications
have been crowding in upon us for accommodations next year.

Our buildings are far from supplying our necessities. We have
comfortable accommodations for sixty-four boarders, and some of
the time we have had one hundred and eight. We have unfinished
and merely temporary rooms for thirty others, but instead of one
hundred boarders we ought to have two hundred, and might readily
have if we but had rooms.

During the year we had a most precious revival, embracing nearly
all in our normal and preparatory departments. Our work seems
limited only by the lack of means to furnish room for those
desirous of coming.

       *       *       *       *       *




THE INDIANS.

       *       *       *       *       *


S’KOKOMISH AGENCY—FIELD AND WORK.

REV. MYRON EELLS.

I propose to give some idea of the extent and character of my
“parish,” and of the kind of work we are attempting to do.

1st. In the S’kokomish Reservation. Here are seven English-speaking
families, and a school of from twenty-five to thirty scholars
at the Agency, and about two hundred Indians in the vicinity.
Besides pastoral work, I hold a service every Sabbath morning in
Indian. Once a month, in the absence of the pastor, one of the lay
members of the church takes his place. This congregation averages
seventy. In the afternoon, the Agent and employees carry on the
Sabbath-school with an average attendance of fifty-eight. Twice
a month I preach in the evening in English to a congregation of
employees and scholars, which averages about thirty-five. On
Thursday evening the regular church prayer meeting is held, at
which the male members take their turns in leading. Occasionally I
meet the school-children and apprentices, generally once in a week
or so, for some kind of an informal meeting.

2d. Three miles from the Agency is a small place, Union City,
consisting of a store, hotel, saloon and five families, and a
number of transient loggers. I can give them one evening a month
without neglecting regular duties. The average attendance is about
twenty-five on public worship and eighteen on Sabbath-school, the
latter of which the ladies of the place keep up most of the time
when I am not present.

3d. Thirty miles North is Seabeck, a saw-mill town of two or three
hundred people, where I have charge of a small church organized
last May. I generally visit them about once a month. There is a
Sabbath-school which the church sustains for the Indians, about
thirty of whom live there, gaining their support mainly by work in
the mill—two of them being members of our church.

4th. Twenty miles further on is Port Gamble, a large milling town,
which has a minister of its own, but near it are about a hundred
Indians who belong to our Agency, most of whom are Catholics, but
who receive me cordially when I go there, two or three times a year.

5th. Forty miles still further is Dunginess, a flourishing Indian
colony, named Jamestown, which is the centre of an Indian
population of about one hundred and forty. I generally visit them
twice a year. Six of our church members live here; they have a
small church built by themselves, a day school, and I also preach
to them sometimes. They sustain a weekly prayer meeting most of the
time, the only one in the county which has a white population of
over six hundred, and they likewise have the only church building
in this county, organized twenty-six years ago.

6th. Six miles from Jamestown is Sequim, a village of about forty
Indians, most of whom are aged and infirm. These are tributary to
Jamestown, sending their children to that school, some of whom
travel the whole distance twice each school day, and also on the
Sabbath.

7th. Between Port Gamble and Jamestown is Port Discovery, another
saw-mill town, where nearly forty Indians make their home, whom
I generally call to see on my journeys; but so much whisky is
sold near them that it has been almost impossible to stop their
drinking; they also live in a somewhat scattered condition, which
makes it difficult to make any permanent religious impression on
them.

8th. Once a year I calculate to go still farther; and twenty miles
beyond Jamestown is Port Angelos, with about thirty nominal Indian
residents. But few of them are settlers, and like those of Port
Discovery they are diminishing.

9th. Seven miles further is Elkwa, with about seventy Indians.
It has been the home of one of the most influential bands in
years past, but owing to the fact that there have been but few
white settlers from whom the Indians could obtain work, they
have hitherto done very little about cultivating the soil for
themselves; and as they could easily go across the straits to
Victoria in British Columbia, where there is but little restraint
in regard to their procuring whisky, because they are American
Indians, they have been steadily losing in influence and numbers.
Four families of them have “homesteaded” land, however, and others,
moved by their example and success, are taking the preparatory
steps to secure homes; but being scattered, and most of them back
from the water, as it is now impossible to homestead good land on
the beach, they will lose the benefits of school and church in a
great measure; but still the old way of herding together will be
broken up, and they will obtain more of their living from civilized
pursuits.

10th. Thirty miles still further is Clallam Bay, the limit of the
Indians belonging to our reservation, the home of some seventy
more. Within a year they have bought about a hundred and sixty
acres of land, and propose to follow somewhat the plan of the
Jamestown Indians. This place promises to be an important point,
as it is near a salmon cannery, and in the catching of salmon they
are at home; it is also the nearest station of the tribe to the sea
fisheries of the northwest coast of the Territory, by far the most
lucrative business, in its season, which the Indians can follow.

Then there is call for work among the whites. In Clallam county,
with its more than six hundred inhabitants, there is no resident
minister, and I am repeatedly asked to preach to them, but can only
give them a sermon during some hours of the Sabbath when I am not
talking to Indians. In Mason county, here I live, with six hundred
more people, I am the only resident minister, and call after call
comes which I cannot in justice to the work of the A. M. A.,
answer; but I shall try shortly to give them a fifth Sabbath in the
month.

Fourteen miles from Seabeck is another settlement where there has
never been a sermon preached in the fifteen years of its existence,
and four times, one young man, not a Christian, has asked me to
go there, even offering to carry me over fifty miles in his boat.
These are small places, with scattered people, and probably small
congregations, yet it is hard to resist their appeals. If there
were two Sabbaths every week I sometimes think I could manage the
field better.

       *       *       *       *       *


Sisseton Agency, D. T.

CHARLES CRISSEY, U. S. IND. AGT.

This Agency has been established about ten years; the people are
Wahpeton and Sisseton Sioux Indians; some were in the outbreak of
1862–3 as hostiles, but a large per cent, as friendly Indians. Most
of them wore the Indian dress of cloth and skins, and lived in
tepees.

They now dress entirely in citizen’s clothing, and live in
log-houses, some with shingled roofs and board floors; most of
them with dirt roofs and floors. The number of houses built of
logs is 220, and 15 frame. There are five organized churches with
a membership of 416 Indians and ten whites. Two of the churches
are building new frame buildings, 28 × 50 ft. and 20 × 30 ft.,
respectively.

There are about 4,025 acres under cultivation; there was broken of
new ground during the spring, 1,055 acres. There was raised last
year about 17,000 bushels of wheat and oats, with a little barley.
The estimated crop this year will be 25,000 bushels. The Indians
have bought without Government aid, during the last three seasons,
16 reapers, 8 fanning-mills, and 4 sulky horse-rakes; one has
purchased a self-binder.

Many of them are able to do such work as an ordinary carpenter or
blacksmith does. We have built three frame houses and have two
more nearly completed. I depend on Indians as help in running our
threshing machines, engines at our at steam-mills, caring for our
horses, and have employed no extra white help, other than one white
man to oversee each department, since April 1st, 1879.

The largest crop raised by any one Indian last year, was 573
bushels of wheat and oats, two others raising nearly as much. We
have threshed for one only this season, and he had 1,500 bushels
of oats. We have distributed to those who have never been supplied
with teams previous to June last, to work with, 95 yoke of work
cattle, with plows, yokes, chains, harrows, etc. The only way they
had to supply themselves previous to June last, was by yoking the
beef cattle and using them, thus depriving themselves of fresh
beef; and when an Indian does that, it is a good sign that he is
well on the road to civilization.

There are three schools, two Government and one mission; 7
teachers, five Government and two mission.

The number of scholars attending one month or more during the year
is 104; number attending boarding schools, 78; number attending
day school, 26; number of months which school has been maintained
during the year, 10; average attendance during that time, 81.
Largest average attendance during any one month, 100; about 25
of the 78 boarding scholars attended the mission school, the
Government furnishing the same with most of the clothing and
rations; both Government and Mission Boarding schools have been
well maintained and successfully managed, the scholars showing
marked improvement during the past year, and the parents much more
interest than ever before.

       *       *       *       *       *




THE CHINESE.

       *       *       *       *       *


“CALIFORNIA CHINESE MISSION.”

Auxiliary to the American Missionary Association.

PRESIDENT: Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D. VICE-PRESIDENTS: Rev. A.
L. Stone, D.D., Thomas C. Wedderspoon, Esq., Rev. T. K. Noble, Hon.
F. F. Low, Rev. I. E. Dwinell, D.D., Hon. Samuel Cross, Rev. S. H.
Willey, D.D., Edward P. Flint, Esq., Rev J. W. Hough, D.D., Jacob.
S. Taber, Esq.

DIRECTORS: Rev. George Mooar, D.D., Hon. E. D. Sawyer, Rev. E. P.
Baker, James M. Haven, Esq., Rev. Joseph Rowell, Rev. John Kimball,
E. P. Sanford, Esq.

SECRETARY: Rev. W. C. Pond. TREASURER: E. Palache, Esq.

       *       *       *       *       *


SERMON BY JEE GAM.

[The MISSIONARY of last month contained sermons by two of our
Chinese helpers of the California mission, with a promise of one
this month from Jee Gam.

These come to us, unrevised, in the handwriting of their authors,
which, for beauty and legibility, excites the wish that all our
correspondents were converted Chinamen. These sermons give, as
perhaps in no other way open to our readers, an idea of what can
be done in this work of imparting spiritual truth to this class of
heathen minds, and the adaptation of these men to be its heralds to
their own people. Lack of room compels the omission of the first
part of the sermon, in which is answered the question, “What is
this faith?” Our extract begins with the account of Moses’ faith,
under the second head, “What has faith done?”—ED. MISS.]

Heb. 10:38. “Now the just shall live by faith.” 2d. What has this
faith done?

By faith Moses refused to be called the son of Pharaoh’s daughter.
In a worldly sense, one may say he was the most foolish man in the
world; for if he had remained and accepted the offer he would have
been King of Egypt, as Pharaoh had no son. He would have had great
power; he would have lived in the finest palace of Egypt; he would
have had all the riches, comfort, pleasure, honor and glory he
chose to have; but by faith he saw and knew all these were things
which would vanish away like vapor. Besides these, I venture to say
that Moses must have been utterly disgusted with the idolatry of
that people. He knew in his own conscience that it was wrong and
against God to worship any idol, bull, cow, or cat, all of which
were gods in Egypt. On the other hand he knew that the Lord was
his God, and that he has millions of times more riches and honor
than Pharaoh had. So he regarded not the low station of being a
Hebrew; neither cared he for being poor, despised, oppressed and
persecuted, for he counted all these trials as nothing compared
with the blessings of God which were to come. At any rate, he
preferred and did choose to be on the side of God, rather than on
the side of the Egyptians. By faith he wrought many wonders in
Egypt; by faith he led his people across the Red Sea; by faith the
many battles were fought and won on the way to Canaan. By faith
Daniel prayed continually three times a day when he knew that there
had been a decree against him; yet he cared not for the consequence
of violating that law. He knew that it was far better and more
important to obey the commands of his God than the corrupt decree
of the King, even if he should be cast into the den and torn to
pieces by the terrible beasts.

And now let us come down to a later period, and see how by faith
the disciples of Christ worked many miracles. Still later we find
that Luther by faith broke away from the monastery and preached
Christ as he then thought He ought to be preached, not fearing any
dangers that were to come. When he was summoned by the Council at
Worms to answer its charges, he said to his friends, “I will go
to Worms, if there are as many devils as there are tiles.” And
by faith he was protected and saved. And now look at the present
century, and see what the faith of Christian people has done for
Japan and China. Fifty years ago, I believe, there was not a
single Protestant Chinese Christian in that vast empire; but just
see how many there are now—over thirteen thousand, besides the
many thousands who have been Christianized abroad. And by faith I
venture to say right here that, China will, before long, become a
Christian country, and rank high when compared with all her sister
nations.

3d. Can every man have this faith, be he white, black, red or
yellow? Yes. The beggar can have it as well as the king. The poor
can have it as well as the rich; and the negro, the Indian and the
Chinaman.

4th. Of what benefit is it? It makes us see our own sinfulness
and weakness. It tells us to look to God for forgiveness and for
strength. It assures us that our sins have been pardoned, and the
promises of God make us sure of our reward in Heaven. It makes us
have more confidence in God and in His Son Jesus. It gives us hope
that we shall see not only God, but all who have had this faith
and are now in heaven. It gives us patience, peace, hope, comfort,
joy and anxiety of heart to do God’s will, and to lead people to
Christ. Without faith we cannot please God, nor can we go to him in
prayer. It is the foundation of Christian life. It justifies us,
and, being justified, we live and shall live forever.

5th. What are we called if we have this faith? The just. The born
again of the Holy Spirit; the forgiven; the justified ones; those
who have faith in God; the Christians. So then we are called just,
not by works, but by faith. Nevertheless, faith can never be
without works; faith is the companion of works; they can never be
parted. For instance, Luther, although he exalted faith, yet acted
it right out with works.

Think of Paul, how he by faith suffered many persecutions; how he
labored in prison as well as out of prison, and bore much fruit.
“Faith without works is dead.”

6th. Have we this faith? Have all men it? Alas! Let us consider how
many in this sinful world have not this faith; how many have never
heard of it; how many have willfully refused to take it when it
was so kindly and so lovingly presented to them. Oh, how sad! for
without this faith they are the enemies of God, and they shall be
condemned. Though in this world they may have all riches, comforts,
respect, and much honor in the sight of men, in the eye of God they
are “Weighed in the balance and found wanting.”

But those who have this faith will have Heaven, and they shall live
by the blessings derived therefrom, both in this world and in the
world to come.

7th. Brethren and friends, let us get faith; for it is the greatest
blessing to us. If we have it, let us live by it; for it is the
most vital and most wholesome food our souls can have. Let us hold
fast to it. Let us exercise it so as to promote the happiness of
men to the saving of their souls. Let us exercise it so as to
magnify the love of God, and His Son Jesus Christ.

       *       *       *       *       *




CHILDREN’S PAGE.

       *       *       *       *       *


CHINESE AND CHINESE CUSTOMS.

The longer you live in China and the better you know the people,
the greater do your wonder and amazement increase. Their
superstitions are as numerous almost as your thoughts. Their
religious customs are so many and intricate, that they make burdens
for the people more grievous to bear than those the Pharisees
laid upon the Jews. They spend as much money on those, to us,
useless and silly customs—ten times as much, I fully believe—as we
Christians spend on the Gospel. A rich man, I am told, recently
spent on the building of a paper house, which was burnt, for the
use of the spirit of the head of the family who had died, and on
the ceremonies connected with it, $10,000 in hard cash.

This is a large sum of money to spend on paper to be burnt simply
in what, to us, seem perfectly ridiculous rites. But that is only a
tithe of the money spent by such a family, on this religion, which
God hates. These people believe that every man has three spirits.
When he dies, one spirit goes to hell, the second dwells in the
grave, and the third by due ceremonies is invited to take up its
residence in a wooden tablet, on which his name is inscribed. This
tablet is kept in the house, and the worship of it is the ancestral
worship, which is the last thing a Chinaman will give up.

No later than yesterday we had a good example of the ceremony for
the dead of which I have spoken. This is the case of a Chinaman
born in Penang, whose wife died in the latter part of last year,
but the ceremonies for providing for her comfort in Hades were
not performed till yesterday. He should have performed these
services several months ago, according to the proper custom, and
was very much blamed by the Chinese for having delayed. He told
me the secret of the business, however. He did not believe in the
thing, as he said, but his wife’s mother was near at hand and all
her relations, and because he was going to neglect the matter
apparently, they began to give him trouble. For peace, therefore,
he made the preparations. In the meantime, the body of his wife was
still in the house in the coffin. A Chinese coffin is thick and
air-tight—at least, no smell escapes from the decaying body, which
sometimes is kept for years in the house or in a temple. This man
was not a rich man, but was in good circumstances.

He prepared a house about twelve feet square, built of bamboo and
paper, most beautifully and carefully finished, the painting on it
representing brick, stone, marble, and woods of different kinds.
Silver and gold leaf were used profusely; fruits and trees in
relief, and figures of all shapes. Inside the house, which was, by
the way, beautifully furnished with miniature furniture, reclined
the lady of the house, to represent his wife, on a handsome couch.
In the house were all the household utensils and everything
indicative of wealth. At the door was a handsome sedan chair, and
four coolies standing by, ready at her call. Around her were men
and women servants in figures about eight inches high, some engaged
in one work, some in another. Some were preparing rice, some
baking, some washing clothes, some cleaning rice with a fanning
mill. All was most tastefully and elegantly made up.

Before this house on a table were spread out all kinds of
provisions—a little pig roasted, whole chickens, ducks, &c., &c.
The heads of these all pointed toward the place where the woman
sat. It is, by the way, a Chinese custom, to point the head of an
animal, cooked, at the guest to whom you wish to show honor.

Outside and over the door of the house, and extending across the
whole front, was an elaborate framework of bamboo, covered with
gilt paper. This was supposed to represent the grounds before the
house, and there were dozens of little figures, all representing
the lady’s retainers—some as soldiers, runners, tradesmen, &c. And
why all these things? For the comfort and use of the spirit in
hell, to mitigate her torments by providing her with comforts. All
these things cost about $40 or $50.

In another room, the ceremonies in connection with this were
performed. Here was a table covered with priestly symbols, food,
liquor, candles, and peculiar priestly appliances. About the table
stood three Buddhist priests, and sitting on benches were four men
with drum, cymbals and horns. For two days nearly they kept up
incessantly the most fearful din, reading and howling at the top
of the voice. Every now and then, the priests would perform a sort
of dance. On the walls were hung large pictures of the torments
practised in hell—most hideous pictures of pulling out men’s
tongues and eyes, and tortures you would hardly think men capable
of imagining. The little children of the dead woman were there,
clothed in coarse sack-cloth, and kept busy taking part in the
ceremonies, directed by the priests. In the place where the house
was they would come in and bow down to the ground several times to
their mother. The father stood by, looking on like one troubled and
ashamed of the horrid nuisance, as he evidently thought it to be.
In the morning, the whole thing was taken out and set on fire, and
thus spirited away to the spiritual regions for the use of the poor
woman.—_From Presbyterian Record, Canada._

       *       *       *       *       *




RECEIPTS

FOR AUGUST, 1880.

       *       *       *       *       *


  MAINE, $351.70.

    Andover. Cong. Ch. and Soc., $5; Rev. S. W.
      Pearson, $5                                            $10.00
    Bangor. First Cong. Ch.                                   27.50
    Bath. Central Cong. Ch., $56.10; Winter St.
      Cong. Ch. and Soc., $35.50; Eliza Bowker, $2            93.60
    Brewer. M. Hardy, $50 to const. MRS. EUGENIE
      L. BECKWITH, L. M.; First Cong. Ch., $8, and
      Sab. Sch. $8                                            66.00
    Brunswick. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                             25.00
    Castine. Rev. A. E. Ives                                   2.00
    Falmouth. First Cong. Ch.                                 20.00
    Farmington. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                      12.00
    Garland. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                6.00
    Gorham. Cong. Ch., ($2 of which bal. to const.
      MISS REBECCA WATERS, L. M)                              25.40
    Hampden. Mrs. R. S. Curtis                                 5.00
    Portland. “Mrs. A. L. M.”                                 25.00
    Skowhegan. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              5.20
    Standish. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               3.50
    Warren. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                12.00
    Waterford. Mrs. S. C. Hersey                               1.50
    West Bath. Isaiah Percy, $3; Beulah B. Percy,
      $2                                                       5.00
    Windham. Cong. Ch.                                         7.00


  NEW HAMPSHIRE, $338.02.

    Antrim. Individuals, _for Mag._                           15.00
    Claremont. Cong. Ch. and Soc., $38.35; MRS. E.
      L. GODDARD, $30, to const. herself L. M.                68.35
    Concord. Alma J. Herbert, $3.50; Others,
      $1.50; “A Widow,” $5                                    10.00
    East Jaffrey. Eliza A. Parker                             20.00
    Goffstown. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                             50.61
    Hebron. Rev. J. B. C.                                      1.00
    Henniker. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              20.00
    Hinsdale. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               5.43
    Keene. First Cong. Sab. Sch.                              35.50
    Lebanon. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                8.00
    Orford. “A Friend”                                         5.00
    Pembroke. Cong. Ch., $26.47; Mrs. Mary W.
      Thompson, $5; Prof. Isaac Walker, $5                    36.47
    Rochester. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                             18.11
    Stoddard. Rev. B. Southworth                              10.00
    Winchester. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            34.55


  VERMONT, $1,124.79.

    Barnet. “A Friend”                                         3.00
    Bridport. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                  6.50
    Charlotte. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                             76.50
    Chelsea. ESTATE of Dea. Samuel Douglass, by
      Edward Douglass, Ex.                                   750.00
    Coventry. Mrs. S. P. Cowles                                5.00
    Cornwall. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              29.78
    Georgia. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               10.00
    Greensborough. Cong. Ch. and Soc., $2.50; Rev.
      Moses Patten and family, $15                            17.50
    Middlebury. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            20.44
    Newbury. Mrs. E. F.                                        1.00
    Saint Albans. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                    86.34
    Shelburn. “A Friend,” adl. to const. J. K.
      DAVIS, L. M.                                            15.00
    Springfield. Cong. Ch. by Rev. T. M. Boss                 15.00
    Swanton. Ladies’ “Home Circle” of Cong. Ch.                5.00
    Thetford. John Lord (aged 98)                              2.00
    Waterbury. Cong. Ch. and Soc. to const. BURTON
      H. HUMPHREY, L. M.                                      30.00
    Wells River. George Leslie                                 5.00
    West Enosburgh. H. Fassett                                 5.00
    Westford. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               8.00
    West Westminster. Cong. Ch. and Soc., $26.46,
      and Sab. Sch. $7.27                                     33.73


  MASSACHUSETTS, $4,666.06.

    Alford. Rev. J. Jay Dana, to const. TENNIE L.
      CONVERSE, L. M.                                         30.00
    Andover. ESTATE of Peter Smith                           500.00
    Andover. South Cong. Ch. and Soc. in part,               200.00
    Attleborough. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                  127.71
    Boston. Mrs. Henry H. Hyde                                50.00
    Boston Highlands. Miss E. Davis                           25.00
    Bradford. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              36.40
    Braintree. First Ch. and Soc.                             14.27
    Campello. Sarah Packard                                   49.16
    Chelsea. E. T. S.                                          1.00
    Chesterfield. Mrs. Edward Clarke                           5.00
    Curtisville. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                           19.00
    Danvers. Maple St. Ch. and Soc.                           58.65
    East Wareham. M. F. &. J. H. Martin                       10.00
    Everett. E. H. Evans                                       5.00
    Fall River. “A Friend”                                     1.00
    Falmouth. First Ch. and Soc.                              38.50
    Fitchburg. Rev. and Mrs. J. M. R. Eaton                   10.00
    Foxborough. Orthodox Cong. Ch. and Soc.                   30.07
    Holliston. Mrs. R. R. W., $1; Ladies’ Benev.
      Soc. of Cong. Ch. Bbl. of C., _for Savannah,
      Ga._, by Mrs J. A. Johnson, Sec.                         1.00
    Holyoke. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                        18.09
    Hubbardston. “A Friend”                                   10.00
    Gardner. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               40.00
    Greenfield. Second Cong. Ch.                              53.22
    Ipswich. First Ch. and Soc.                               28.19
    Lawrence. Lawrence St. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                127.00
    Lee. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                      75.00
    Littleton. Orth. Ch. and Soc.                             14.60
    Lowell. ESTATE of E. S. Hunt by George F.
      Richardson, Ex.                                        500.00
    Marshfield. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                      45.43
    Merrimack. Ladies of Cong. Ch.                             9.00
    Middleton. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                             10.00
    Millbury. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                        57.95
    Mittineaque. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                    10.82
    Newburyport. Belleville Ch. and Soc., $37.20;
      Whitefield Cong. Ch. and Soc., $17.73; Miss
      Bassett, $5                                             59.93
    Newton Centre. “A Friend” $40; C. L. H., 50c              40.50
    Northampton. “A Friend”                                  150.00
    North Abington. Reuben Loring, _for addition
      to school building, Fayetteville, Ark._                  5.00
    North Andover Depot. F. D. F.                              1.00
    North Brookfield. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                50.00
    North Wilmington. L. F. M.                                 1.00
    Palmer. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                          9.40
    Plainfield. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            12.00
    Pittsfield. James H. Dunham                               25.00
    Quincy. Cong. Ch. and Soc., Mon. Con. Coll.               18.00
    Randolph. Miss A. W. Turner                               10.00
    Rochester. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                17.00
    Royalston. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                      114.10
    South Amherst. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                          7.00
    South Egremont. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                        25.00
    South Weymouth. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc., to
      const. CHARLES MERRILL and FRANCIS TORREY,
      L. M.’s                                                 51.00
    Springfield. ESTATE of George Merriam, by
      Henry S. Lee, Ex.                                    1,000.00
    Springfield. “M,” $500; South Cong. Ch. and
      Soc., $43.25; First Cong. Ch. and Soc.,
      $38.84                                                 582.09
    Sturbridge. ESTATE of M. A. Bullock, by M. L.
      Richardson                                              50.00
    Sturbridge. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            42.77
    Taunton. Union Cong. Ch. and Soc.                          5.73
    Templeton. “A Friend”                                      2.00
    Tolland. Rev. C. J.                                        1.00
    Walpole. M. G.                                             1.00
    Ware. “A Friend”                                          10.00
    Webster. Cong. Ch.                                        15.00
    West Boylston. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         22.00
    Westfield. H. Holland, M. D.                               3.00
    Whately. Cong. Ch.                                        16.47
    Wilmington. J. Skilton                                     5.00
    Williamstown. First Cong. Ch.                             50.00
    Worcester. Union Ch., $32.01; G. M. P., $1.               33.01
    ——. “A Thank Offering”                                    20.00


  RHODE ISLAND, $4.00.

    Little Compton. Ezra Wilbur, $2; G. A. G., $1.             3.00
    Slatersville. W. P.                                        1.00


  CONNECTICUT, $3,998.30.

    Abington. S. C.                                            1.00
    Berlin. MISS HARRIET N. WILCOX _for Woman’s
      Work for Women_, and to const. herself L. M.            30.00
    Brooklyn. First Trin. Ch. and Soc.                        39.00
    Cromwell. BEQUEST of Miss Roxana K. Porter, by
      Rev. G. S. F. Savage                                   100.00
    Derby. First Cong. Ch.                                    17.00
    East Lyme. Cong. Ch.                                       5.24
    Greenwich. Miss Sarah Mead                                50.00
    Greenfield Hill. Cong. Ch.                                13.08
    Goshen. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                   31.32
    Guilford. Mrs. Lucy. E. Tuttle.                          100.00
    Hadlyme. Richard E. Hungerford, $100; Jos. W.
      Hungerford, $100; Cong. Sab. Sch., $11.18;
      Cong. Ch., $8.                                         219.18
    Hampton. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               21.73
    Hartford. Mrs. John Olmsted                               30.00
    Higganum. Selden Gladwin                                   5.00
    Lebanon. Mrs. L. Hebard                                    2.00
    Meriden. Sab. Sch. of First Cong. Ch. to
      const. HOMER A. CURTIS, L. M.                           75.00
    Middletown. Member First Cong. Ch.                         5.00
    Mt. Carmel. Cong. Ch.                                     28.51
    Naugatuck. Cong. Ch.                                     100.00
    New Britain. South Cong. Ch., semi-annual
      contribution, $72.55;--Levi S. Wells, $40
      for _Straight U._                                      112.55
    New London. “TRUST ESTATE of Henry P. Haven”             500.00
    Norfolk. Mary, Belle and Alice Eldridge _for
      books for Theo. Student, Fisk U._                       30.00
    North Stonington. D. R. Wheeler                           10.00
    North Woodstock. Cong. Ch.                                25.00
    Norwich. ESTATE of Mrs. Emily H. Mansfield, by
      A. T. Converse, Ex.                                  1,800.00
    Norwich. First Cong. Ch. ($5 of which _for T.
      C. and N. Inst._)                                      140.00
    Putnam. Second Cong. Sab. Sch., _for ed. of an
      Indian boy, Hampton N. and A. Inst._                    15.00
    Rockville. Mrs. A. Martin, B. A. Chapman and
      Mrs. A. B. Martin                                        5.00
    Rocky Hill. Cong. Ch.                                     11.54
    Salem. Cong. Ch.                                           6.00
    South Britain. Cong. Ch. and Soc., to const.
      H. P. DOWNES, L. M.                                     37.53
    Stafford Springs. F. S.                                    0.50
    Terryville. Cong. Ch., $233.60, to const. WM.
      H. GRISWOLD, LEVI BASSETT, GEORGE F.
      BUSHNELL, MR. O. D. HUNTER and MRS. VALERIA
      TERRY, L. M.’s; Elizur Fenn and Mrs. Elizur
      Fenn, $5 ea.                                           243.60
    Thomaston. Cong. Soc.                                     12.30
    Wapping. Cong. Ch., to const. DEA. JOHN ALDEN
      COLLINS, L. M.                                          30.00
    Washington. Mrs. Rebecca Hine, to const.
      FREDERIC P. POND, L. M.                                 30.50
    Westville. Cong. Ch.                                      20.00
    Wethersfield. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                    45.42
    Wilton. Cong. Ch.                                         19.34
    Wolcottville. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                          20.96
    ——. “A Friend”                                            10.00


  NEW YORK, $971.47.

    Bergen. ESTATE of I. M. Hitchcock, by A. E.
      Hitchcock, Ex.                                          40.00
    Binghamton. J. D. Wells                                    7.00
    Brooklyn. Tompkins Av. Cong. Ch., $33.91; Mrs.
      Lewis Tappan, $10; Professor E. P. Thwing, $5           48.91
    Camillus. Isaiah Wilcox                                   30.00
    Clifton Springs. Rev. W. W. Warner, $10; Mrs.
      Mary M. Chester, $5                                     15.00
    Coxsackie. P. H. Silvester                                10.00
    Dansville. Mrs. D. W. Noyes                                2.00
    East Wilson. Rev. H. Halsey, $30; C. M. Clark,
      $3                                                      33.00
    Eaton. Cong. Ch.                                          18.20
    Eden. H. McNett                                            2.00
    Gaines. Cong. Ch. and Soc., $29.79; and Sab.
      Sch. $2.07 to const. ADAM P. VROMAN, L. M.              31.86
    Leeds. “Beth”                                              5.00
    New Lebanon. Presb. Cong. Ch.                              7.50
    New York. “Santa Claus,” $100; J. S. Holt,
      $10; “S. J. W.,” $2                                    112.00
    Nyack. John W. Towt                                       50.00
    Ovid. D. W. K.                                             0.50
    Poughkeepsie. Mrs. Margaret Jane Myers                    25.00
    Randolph. Mrs. T. A. C. Everett                            2.00
    Rensselaer Falls. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                      10.00
    Rome. Rev. Wm. B. Hammond, bbl. of Books and
      Pamphlets.
    Schenectady. Mrs. Anna W. Viney                            5.50
    Utica. Mrs. Sarah H. Mudge                                15.00
    Warsaw. L. H. H.                                           1.00
    —— “A Friend”                                            500.00


  NEW JERSEY, $33.00.

    Boonton. Mrs. N. T. J.                                     2.00
    Irvington. Mrs. W. H. C.                                   1.00
    New Brunswick. I. P. Langdon                              10.00
    Newfield. Rev. Charles Willey                             10.00
    Parsippany. Mrs. Jane W. Ford                             10.00


  PENNSYLVANIA, $105.00.

    New Milford. H. A. Summers                                 5.00
    Troy. Chas. C. Paine ($50 of which _for Indian
      M._)                                                   100.00


  OHIO, $256.46.

    Canfield. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              18.68
    Cincinnati. Vine St. Cong. Ch.                            40.67
    Cortland. Cong. Ch.                                        4.25
    Cuyahoga Falls. Cong. Ch.                                  8.42
    Delaware. Rev. John H. Jones                              10.00
    Gambier. James S. Sawer                                    5.00
    Greenwich Station. W. M. Mead                              5.00
    Harmar. Cong. Ch.                                          5.00
    Hicksville. “A Friend”                                    10.00
    Newark. Plymouth Cong. Ch.                                 7.00
    Norwalk. First Cong. Ch.                                  14.00
    Oberlin. J. W. Merrill, $40; First Cong. Ch.,
      $32.22; W. G. B., 50c.                                  72.72
    Ravenna. Howard Carter                                    10.00
    Willoughby. Miss Mary P. Hastings                         10.00
    Windham. First Cong. Ch.                                  35.72


  INDIANA, $64.27.

    Michigan City. Cong. Ch.                                  56.27
    Winchester. L. O. Ward, $4.50; Lydia Maxwell,
      $2.50; C. W. O., $1                                      8.00


  ILLINOIS, $2,339.98.

    Buda. Cong. Ch.                                           24.00
    Bunker Hill. J. W. B.                                      0.50
    Canton. First Cong. Ch. $82.08; Cong. Ch., $22           104.08
    Chicago. First Cong. Ch., $736.15; Lincoln
      Park Ch., $29.55; New Eng. Ch., Mon. Coll.,
      $15.62                                                 781.32
    Elgin. S. N. Campbell                                      5.00
    Galesburg. Mrs. E. T. Parker                              10.00
    Granville. Cong. Ch.                                      31.00
    Homer. Cong. Ch.                                          14.50
    Joy Prairie. Cong. Ch. to const. LYMAN L.
      PRATT, L. M.                                            34.15
    Kewanee. Ladies of Cong. Ch., $25.38; “The
      Gleaners” of Cong. Ch., $12.81, _for Lady
      Missionary Liberty Co., Ga._                            38.19
    Lee Centre. ESTATE of Martin Wright                    1,000.00
    La Harpe. Cong. Ch.                                       20.50
    Metamora. Individuals, Collected by A. C. Rouse           20.00
    Morrison. Cong. Ch.                                       25.00
    Newark. Horace Day                                         6.00
    Paxton. J. B. Shaw                                         5.00
    Peru. First Cong. Ch.                                     13.80
    Princeton. Mrs. P. B. Corss                               12.00
    Rockford. Second Cong. Ch.                               113.64
    Roseville. Cong. Ch., to const. MRS. SARAH C.
      ELDRED, L. M.                                           33.00
    South Danville. Cong. Ch.                                 12.00
    Waukegan. Young Ladies Miss. Soc., _for Lady
      Missionary, Mobile, Ala._                               10.00
    Waverly. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                  16.30
    Winnebago. N. F. Parsons                                  10.00


  MICHIGAN, $390.51.

    Alpena. First Cong. Ch.                                   75.75
    Ann Arbor. Cong. Ch., Semi Annual Coll.                   30.00
    Calumet. Cong. Ch.                                       120.72
    Charlotte. First Cong. Ch., $30;--E. Pray, $5;
      R. C. Jones, $3, _for Talladega C._                     38.00
    Grand Rapids. Mrs. E. G. Furness                           5.00
    Hancock. First Cong. Ch.                                  42.92
    Homer. Mrs. C. C. Everts                                   5.00
    Port Huron. First Cong. Ch.                               37.50
    Union City. First Cong. Ch.                               35.62


  WISCONSIN, $204.45.

    Beloit. First Cong. Ch. (ad’l)                            20.00
    Black Earth. Mrs. J. W.                                    0.50
    Bloomington. Cong. Ch.                                     3.00
    Brandon. Cong. Ch., $3.50, and Sab. Sch., $10             13.50
    Brant. Mrs. E. W. Brant                                    3.00
    Fox Lake. First Cong. Ch.                                 15.00
    Hartford. R. F.                                            1.00
    Madison. First Cong. Ch.                                  75.00
    Milwaukee. Mrs. E. F. Rice                                10.00
    River Falls. Cong. Ch.                                    16.00
    Sun Prairie. Cong. Ch., $6, and Sab. Sch.,
      $19.45                                                  25.45
    Sheboygan. Mrs. L. H. Chase                               10.00
    Sparta. H. E. Kelley                                       2.00
    West Salem. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            10.00


  IOWA, $352.80.

    Alden. Cong. Ch., $3.85, and Sab. Sch., $1.15              5.00
    Anamosa. Ladies of Cong. Ch., _for Lady
      Missionary, New Orleans_                                 5.00
    Bellevue. Ladies of Cong. Ch. _for Lady
      Missionary, New Orleans_                                 5.00
    Cherokee. Cong. Ch.                                        6.00
    Creston. Pilgrim Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid,
      Tougaloo U._                                             6.95
    Dubuque. A. Kaiser                                        10.00
    Dunlap. Rev. Joseph S. Fisher                             15.00
    Durant. Ladies of Cong. Ch., _for Lady
      Missionary, New Orleans._                               10.00
    Eldora. Cong. Ch.                                         10.50
    Garden Prairie. Cong. Ch.                                  5.75
    Green Mountain. First Cong. Ch.                           28.40
    Grinnell. Cong. Ch.                                       76.90
    Iowa City. Ladies of Cong. Ch., _for Lady
      Missionary, New Orleans._                               15.00
    Kelley. Cong. Ch.                                          4.25
    Maquoketa. Mrs. M. T. H., _for Lady
      Missionary, New Orleans_                                 1.00
    Marion. Ladies of Cong. Ch., _for Lady
      Missionary, New Orleans_                                40.00
    Marshalltown. Young People’s Miss. Soc., _for
      Student Aid, Talladega C._                              10.00
    McGregor. Woman’s Missionary Soc., bal., to
      cost. MRS. WILLIAM FAIR, L. M.                          14.55
    Meriden. Cong. Soc.                                        4.00
    Muscatine. N. B. Huntington, 50; W. Sandford,
      10, _for Talladega C._                                  60.00
    Oskaloosa. Samuel R. Pettett                               2.50
    Seneca. Rev. and Mrs. O. Littlefield                      15.00
    Traer. C. Jameyson                                         2.00


  MISSOURI, $9.00.

    Kidder. First Cong. Ch.                                    9.00


  MINNESOTA, $35.22.

    Afton. Cong. Ch.                                          10.00
    Brownsville. Mrs. S. M. McHose                             2.00
    Minneapolis. Plymouth Ch., $12.52; Mrs. J. F.
      A., 50c.                                                13.02
    St. Cloud. First Cong. Ch.                                 5.20
    Saint Peter. Mrs Jane A. Treadwell                         5.00


  MONTANA, $5.00.

    Divide. Mrs. C. A. Leggett                                 5.00


  KANSAS, $5.00.

    Topeka. First Cong. Ch.                                    5.00


  NEBRASKA, $10.00.

    Fairmount. Cong. Ch.                                      10.00


  CALIFORNIA, $13.87.

    Oakland. Miss Martha L. Newcomb                           13.87


  WASHINGTON TERRITORY, $6.37.

    Seattle. “A Friend,” by Rev. Samuel Green                  6.37


  TENNESSEE, 50c.

    Covington. H. C. G.                                        0.50


  NORTH CAROLINA, $4.25.

    Raleigh. Washington Sch., Tuition                          4.25


  SOUTH CAROLINA, $2.00.

    Charleston. J. W. H., $1; Avery Inst.,
      Tuition, $1                                              2.00


  ALABAMA, $40.30.

    Montgomery. HON. JOHN BRUCE, to const. himself
      L. M.                                                   30.00
    Pleasant Hill. W. H. G.                                    0.50
    Selma. Cong. Ch.                                           9.80


  MISSISSIPPI, $9.10.

    Tougaloo. Tougaloo U., Tuition                             9.10


  TEXAS, 50c.

    Austin. L. C. A.                                           0.50


  —— $1.00.

    —— Lucy O. Thompson                                        1.00


  INCOME FUND, $45.76.

    Avery Fund                                                45.76


  CANADA, $17.00.

    Montreal. Emmanuel Ch., John McLaughlan, $10;
      Chas. Alexander, $5; Theo. Lyman, $2                    17.00


  SCOTLAND. $66.44.

    Perth North United Presb. Ch. Subscriptions,
      £10 6s.; J. Balman, for Chinese M., £2;--Girls’
      House of Refuge, Craigie, 5s.; “Friends of
      Africans,” £1; “Friend,” 5s., by D. Morton              66.44
                                                          —————————
          Total                                           15,472.12
        Total from Oct. 1st to Aug. 31st                $160,969.61

       *       *       *       *       *

  FOR TILLOTSON COLLEGIATE AND NORMAL INST., AUSTIN, TEXAS.

    Hanover, Conn. Mrs Ruth W. and Miss Ruth E.
      Allen                                                 $100.00
    New London, Conn. “Trust Estate of Henry P.
      Haven”                                                 500.00
    Amherst, Mass. Mrs. R. A. Lester                          50.00
    —— “A Friend,” by Mrs. E. M. E. Garland                   10.00
    —— Refunded                                               75.00
                                                          —————————
          Total                                             $735.00
    Previously Acknowledged in July Receipts               5,503.00
                                                          —————————
          Total                                           $6,238.00

       *       *       *       *       *

  FOR NEGRO REFUGEES.

    Amsterdam, N. Y. Chandler Bartlett, $5; James
      H. Bronson, $3                                          $8.00
    Previously Acknowledged in July Receipts                 436.75
                                                           ————————
          Total                                             $444.75

       *       *       *       *       *

  FOR SCHOOL BUILDING, ATHENS, ALA.

    Ann Arbor, Mich. Presb. Ch.                              $18.00
    Armada, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                    8.89
    Columbus, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                  3.00
    Detroit, Mich. Ladies’ For’gn Miss. Soc.                  22.15
    Detroit, Mich. Miss A.                                     1.00
    Flint, Mich. Miss H. H., $1; Mrs L. B., $1;
      Mrs. T., 50c                                             2.50
    Franklin, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                  7.00
    Gr’d Rapids, Mich. Mrs. White, $10; Mrs.
      Withey, $2; Mrs. N. L. Avery, $2; “A
      Friend,” $1                                             15.00
    Hudson, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                    6.00
    Imlay City, Mich. Cong. Ch., $5, and Sab.
      Sch., $1.79                                              6.79
    Lansing, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                  12.40
    Memphis, Mich. Cong, Ch.                                   3.00
    Mosherville, Mich. Methodist Ch.                          26.50
    Olivet, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                   23.25
    Owano, Mich. Mrs. Flora Duff, $5; Miss Doane,
      $1.50; Dea. G., 50c.; “A Friend,” 25c.                   7.25
    Pawpaw, Mich. Presb. Ch.                                  17.89
    Port Huron, Mich. Cong. Ch.                               22.25
    Newton, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                    2.73
    North Adams, Mich. Cong. Ch.                              11.00
    No. Lansing, Mich. Mrs. T., $1; Mrs. E., $1;
      Mrs. A., 50c.                                            2.50
    Romeo, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                    10.55
    Saint Clair, Mich. Cong. Ch.                              10.65
    Somerset, Mich. Cong. Ch.                                  3.00
    Union City, Mich. Cong. Ch.                               14.00
    Chicago, Ill. Mrs. Clark                                   5.00
    Valparaiso, Ind. Presb. Ch.                               12.12
    South Bend, Ind. Mrs. Reynolds                             5.00
    Lake City, Iowa. Mrs Haas                                 20.00
                                                           ————————
          Total                                             $299.42
    Previously acknowledged in June Receipts                 680.59
                                                           ————————
          Total                                             $980.01

       *       *       *       *       *

  Receipts for August                                    $16,514.54
  Total from Oct. 1st to Aug. 31st                      $175,208.85
                                                       ============

H. W. HUBBARD, _Treas._,
56 Reade St., N. Y.


Constitution of the American Missionary Association.

INCORPORATED JANUARY 30, 1849.


ART. I. This Society shall be called “THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY
ASSOCIATION.”

ART. II. The object of this Association shall be to conduct
Christian missionary and educational operations, and diffuse a
knowledge of the Holy Scriptures in our own and other countries
which are destitute of them, or which present open and urgent
fields of effort.

ART. III. Any person of evangelical sentiments,[A] who professes
faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, who is not a slaveholder, or in the
practice of other immoralities, and who contributes to the funds,
may become a member of the Society; and by the payment of thirty
dollars, a life member; provided that children and others who have
not professed their faith may be constituted life members without
the privilege of voting.

ART. IV. This Society shall meet annually, in the month of
September, October or November, for the election of officers and
the transaction of other business, at such time and place as shall
be designated by the Executive Committee.

ART. V. The annual meeting shall be constituted of the regular
officers and members of the Society at the time of such meeting,
and of delegates from churches, local missionary societies,
and other co-operating bodies, each body being entitled to one
representative.

ART. VI. The officers of the Society shall be a President,
Vice-Presidents, a Recording Secretary, Corresponding Secretaries,
Treasurer, two Auditors, and an Executive Committee of not less
than twelve, of which the Corresponding Secretaries shall be
advisory, and the Treasurer ex-officio, members.

ART. VII. To the Executive Committee shall belong the collecting
and disbursing of funds; the appointing, counselling, sustaining
and dismissing (for just and sufficient reasons) missionaries and
agents; the selection of missionary fields; and, in general, the
transaction of all such business as usually appertains to the
executive committees of missionary and other benevolent societies;
the Committee to exercise no ecclesiastical jurisdiction over the
missionaries; and its doings to be subject always to the revision
of the annual meeting, which shall, by a reference mutually
chosen, always entertain the complaints of any aggrieved agent or
missionary; and the decision of such reference shall be final.

The Executive Committee shall have authority to fill all vacancies
occurring among the officers between the regular annual meetings;
to apply, if they see fit, to any State Legislature for acts of
incorporation; to fix the compensation, where any is given, of all
officers, agents, missionaries, or others in the employment of the
Society; to make provision, if any, for disabled missionaries, and
for the widows and children of such as are deceased; and to call,
in all parts of the country, at their discretion, special and
general conventions of the friends of missions, with a view to the
diffusion of the missionary spirit, and the general and vigorous
promotion of the missionary work.

Five members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for
transacting business.

ART. VIII. This society, in collecting funds, in appointing
officers, agents and missionaries, and in selecting fields
of labor, and conducting the missionary work, will endeavor
particularly to discountenance slavery, by refusing to receive the
known fruits of unrequited labor, or to welcome to its employment
those who hold their fellow-beings as slaves.

ART. IX. Missionary bodies, churches or individuals agreeing to
the principles of this Society, and wishing to appoint and sustain
missionaries of their own, shall be entitled to do so through the
agency of the Executive Committee, on terms mutually agreed upon.

ART. X. No amendment shall be made to this Constitution without
the concurrence of two-thirds of the members present at a regular
annual meeting; nor unless the proposed amendment has been
submitted to a previous meeting, or to the Executive Committee in
season to be published by them (as it shall be their duty to do, if
so submitted) in the regular official notifications of the meeting.

FOOTNOTE:

[A] By evangelical sentiments, we understand, among others, a
belief in the guilty and lost condition of all men without a
Saviour; the Supreme Deity, Incarnation and Atoning Sacrifice
of Jesus Christ, the only Saviour of the world; the necessity
of regeneration by the Holy Spirit, repentance, faith and holy
obedience in order to salvation; the immortality of the soul; and
the retributions of the judgment in the eternal punishment of the
wicked, and salvation of the righteous.




The American Missionary Association.

       *       *       *       *       *


AIM AND WORK.

To preach the Gospel to the poor. It originated in a sympathy with
the almost friendless slaves. Since Emancipation it has devoted its
main efforts to preparing the FREEDMEN for their duties as citizens
and Christians in America and as missionaries in Africa. As closely
related to this, it seeks to benefit the caste-persecuted CHINESE
in America, and to co-operate with the Government in its humane
and Christian policy towards the INDIANS. It has also a mission in
AFRICA.


STATISTICS.

CHURCHES: _In the South_--In Va., 1; N. C., 5; S. C., 2; Ga., 13;
Ky., 7; Tenn., 4; Ala., 14; La., 12; Miss., 1; Kansas, 2; Texas, 6.
_Africa_, 2. _Among the Indians_, 1. Total 70.

INSTITUTIONS FOUNDED, FOSTERED OR SUSTAINED IN THE
SOUTH.--_Chartered_: Hampton, Va.; Berea, Ky.; Talladega, Ala.,
Atlanta, Ga.; Nashville, Tenn.; Tougaloo, Miss.; New Orleans, La.;
and Austin, Texas, 8. _Graded or Normal Schools_: at Wilmington,
Raleigh, N. C.; Charleston, Greenwood, S. C.; Savannah, Macon,
Atlanta, Ga.; Montgomery, Mobile, Athens, Selma, Ala.; Memphis,
Tenn., 12. _Other Schools_, 24. Total 44.

TEACHERS, MISSIONARIES AND ASSISTANTS.--Among the Freedmen, 253;
among the Chinese, 21; among the Indians, 9; in Africa, 13. Total,
296. STUDENTS--In Theology, 86; Law, 28; in College Course, 63;
in other studies, 7,030. Total, 7,207. Scholars taught by former
pupils of our schools, estimated at 150,000. INDIANS under the care
of the Association, 13,000.


WANTS.

1. A steady INCREASE of regular income to keep pace with the
growing work. This increase can only be reached by _regular_ and
_larger_ contributions from the churches--the feeble as well as the
strong.

2. ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS for our higher educational institutions, to
accommodate the increasing numbers of students; MEETING HOUSES for
the new churches we are organizing; MORE MINISTERS, cultured and
pious, for these churches.

3. HELP FOR YOUNG MEN, to be educated as ministers here and
missionaries to Africa--a pressing want.

Before sending boxes, always correspond with the nearest A. M. A.
office, as below:

  NEW YORK      H. W. Hubbard, Esq., 56 Reade Street.
  BOSTON        Rev. C. L. Woodworth, Room 21 Congregational House.
  CHICAGO       Rev. Jas. Powell, 112 West Washington Street.


MAGAZINE.

This Magazine will be sent, gratuitously, if desired, to the
Missionaries of the Association; to Life Members; to all clergymen
who take up collections for the Association; to Superintendents of
Sabbath Schools; to College Libraries; to Theological Seminaries;
to Societies of Inquiry on Missions; and to every donor who does
not prefer to take it as a subscriber, and contributes in a year
not less than five dollars.

Those who wish to remember the AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION in
their last Will and Testament, are earnestly requested to use the
following


FORM OF A BEQUEST.

“I BEQUEATH to my executor (or executors) the sum of —— dollars in
trust, to pay the same in —— days after my decease to the person
who, when the same is payable, shall act as Treasurer of the
‘American Missionary Association’ of New York City, to be applied,
under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association,
to its charitable uses and purposes’.”

The will should be attested by three witnesses [in some States
three are required--in other States only two], who should write
against their names, their places of residence [if in cities,
their street and number]. The following form of attestation will
answer for every State in the Union: “Signed, sealed, published
and declared by the said [A. B.] as his last Will and Testament,
in presence of us, who, at the request of the said A. B., and in
his presence, and in the presence of each other, have hereunto
subscribed our names as witnesses.” In some States it is required
that the Will should be made at least two months before the death
of the testator.

       *       *       *       *       *




                       THE NEW YORK TRIBUNE.

THE TRIBUNE is conceded by eminent men in this country and Europe
to be “THE LEADING AMERICAN NEWSPAPER.” It is now spending more
labor and money than ever before to deserve that pre-eminence.
It secured and means to retain it by becoming the medium of the
best thought and the voice of the best conscience of the time, by
keeping abreast of _the highest progress_, favoring _the freest
discussion_, hearing all sides, appealing always to _the best
intelligence_ and _the purest morality_, and refusing to cater to
the tastes of the vile or the prejudices of the ignorant.


           _Premiums for 1879–80—Extraordinary Offers._

THE TRIBUNE has always dealt liberally with its friends who have
used their time and influence in extending its circulation, but
it now announces a Premium List surpassing in liberality any
heretofore offered by any newspaper. We take pleasure in calling
attention to the following:


                THE LIBRARY OF UNIVERSAL KNOWLEDGE,

Being the last (1879) edition of CHAMBERS’S ENCYCLOPÆDIA, a
Dictionary of Universal Knowledge for the People, complete and
Unabridged, with large additions upon topics of special interest to
American readers, in twenty volumes, the first fourteen comprising
the exact and entire text of Chambers’s Encyclopædia, omitting only
the cuts, and the last six containing several thousand topics not
found in the original work, besides additional treatment of many
there presented. This portion is designed to meet the special wants
of American readers, supplying the natural deficiencies of the
English work.

The twenty volumes will actually contain _over 12 per cent. more
matter than Appletons’ Cyclopædia_, which sells at _eighty dollars_!

Two of the volumes are now ready for delivery, the third is in
press and will be ready in a few days, and then they will be issued
at the rate of two volumes per month until the entire twenty
volumes are completed, which will be about August or September,
1880.

We offer this valuable work on the following terms:

  =For $12.=--THE LIBRARY OF UNIVERSAL KNOWLEDGE, 20 vols.,
  substantially bound in cloth, and THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE 5 years to
  one subscriber.

  =For $18.=--THE LIBRARY OF UNIVERSAL KNOWLEDGE, 20 vols., as
  above, and the SEMI-WEEKLY TRIBUNE 5 years.

  =For $18.=--THE LIBRARY OF UNIVERSAL KNOWLEDGE, 20 vols., as
  above, and ten copies of THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE one year.

  =For $27.=--THE LIBRARY OF UNIVERSAL KNOWLEDGE, 20 vols., as
  above, and twenty copies of THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE one year.

  =For $26.=--THE LIBRARY OF UNIVERSAL KNOWLEDGE, 20 vols., as
  above, and THE DAILY TRIBUNE 2 years.

The books will in all cases be sent by mail, express or otherwise
as the subscriber may direct, at his expense, but with no charge
for packing. We shall begin sending them in the order in which
subscriptions have been received on the 1st of January, 1880, when
certainly five and probably six volumes will be ready, and shall
send thenceforward as subscribers may direct.


                        A MAGNIFICENT GIFT!

           Worcester’s Great Unabridged Dictionary Free!

THE NEW YORK TRIBUNE will send, at the subscriber’s expense for
freight, or deliver in New York City free. Worcester’s Great
Unabridged Quarto Illustrated Dictionary, bound in sheep, =Edition
of 1879=, the very latest and very best edition of that great work,
to any one remitting:

  =$10= for a single five years’ subscription in advance, or five
  one-year subscriptions to THE WEEKLY; or

  =$15= for a single five years’ subscription in advance, or
  five one-year subscriptions to THE SEMI-WEEKLY, or one year’s
  subscription to THE DAILY; or

  =$30= for a single three-years’ subscription to THE DAILY TRIBUNE.

=For One Dollar= extra the Dictionary can be sent by mail to any
part of the United States.


              Terms of the Tribune, without Premiums.

                POSTAGE FREE IN THE UNITED STATES.

  DAILY TRIBUNE, 1 year                    $10.00
  SEMI-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, 1 y’r                 3.00
    Five Copies, 1 year, each                2.50
    Ten Copies, 1 year, each                 2.00
  And 1 free copy for every 10 subscribers.
  THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE:
    Single Copy, 1 year                     $2.00
    Five Copies, 1 Year, each                1.50
    Ten Copies, 1 Year, each                 1.00
  And 1 free copy for every 10 subscribers.

When the fact is considered that THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE, both in the
quantity and the quality of its reading matter, is the equal of any
and the superior of most of the $3 and $4 literary and religious
papers, and that the SEMI-WEEKLY contains twice as much reading
matter every week as THE WEEKLY, this reduction in price is one of
the most notable instances of journalistic enterprise.

Remittances should be made by Draft on New York, Post Office Order,
or in Registered Letter. Address

                                            THE TRIBUNE, New York.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                       Brown Brothers & Co.

                          59 WALL STREET,

                             NEW YORK.

=Buy and Sell Bills of Exchange= on Great Britain and Ireland,
France, Germany, Belgium and Holland, =Issue Commercial and
Travelers’ Credits, in Sterling=, available in any part of the
world, and in =Francs= for use in Martinique and Guadaloupe.


                Make Telegraphic Transfers of Money

    Between this and other countries, through London and Paris.

=Make Collection of Drafts drawn abroad= on all parts of the United
States and Canada, and of =Drafts drawn in the United States= on
Foreign Countries.

=Travelers’ Credits= issued either against cash deposited or
satisfactory guarantee of repayment: In Dollars for use in the
United States and adjacent countries; or in Pounds Sterling for use
in any part of the world. Applications for credits may be addressed
as above direct, or through any first-class Bank or Banker.

                       BROWN, SHIPLEY & CO.,
                     26 Chapel St., Liverpool.

                       BROWN, SHIPLEY & CO.,
                Founder’s Court, Lothbury, London.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                          T. H. JOHNSON’S

                     “=FRUIT= OF THE =VINE=.”

Pure juice of Grapes for communion, rec’d Centen’l =MEDAL=.
Circulars free. Ask for =T. H. JOHNSON’S, New Brunswick, N. J.=,
Nat’l Temperance Soc., 58 Reade St., N.Y., Cong’l and Bapt.
Publication Soc’s, Boston.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                           J. & R. LAMB,
                       59 Carmine St., N. Y.
                         CHURCH FURNISHERS

[Illustration]

Memorial Windows, Memorial Tablets, Sterling Silver Communion
Services.

                        SEND FOR CIRCULAR.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                 CLINTON H. MENEELY BELL COMPANY,
                 Successors to Meneely & Kimberly,
                    BELL FOUNDERS, TROY, N. Y.

Manufacture a superior quality of BELLS.

Special attention given to =CHURCH BELLS=.

☞ Catalogues sent free to parties needing bells.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                     “IMPORTANT TO CLERGYMEN.”

                  Prince’s Improved Fountain Pen.

[Illustration: CAP THE HANDLE CONTAINS THE INK]

As now improved, saves one-third the time.

“If I were bereft of it, I should feel myself bereft of my right
hand.”--REV. LYMAN ABBOTT. _Ed. Ch. Union._

Can be sent by mail in a registered letter. Send for circulars.
Manufactured by

                JOHN S. PURDY, 212 Broadway, cor. Fulton St. N. Y.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                             PAYSON’S
                          Indelible Ink,

                   FOR MARKING ANY FABRIC WITH A
                       COMMON PEN, WITHOUT A
                           PREPARATION.


          It still stands unrivaled after 50 years’ test.


                      _THE SIMPLEST & BEST._

Sales now greater than ever before.

This Ink received the Diploma and Medal at Centennial over all
rivals.

Report of Judges: “For simplicity of application and indelibility.”


                            INQUIRE FOR

                      PAYSON’S COMBINATION!!!

Sold by all Druggists, Stationers and News Agents, and by many
Fancy Goods and Furnishing Houses.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                         W. & B. DOUGLAS,

                        Middletown, Conn.,

                         MANUFACTURERS OF

                              PUMPS,

HYDRAULIC RAMS, GARDEN ENGINES, PUMP CHAIN AND FIXTURES, IRON
CURBS, YARD HYDRANTS, STREET WASHERS, ETC.

[Illustration]

Highest Medal awarded them by the Universal Exposition at Paris,
France, in 1867; Vienna, Austria, in 1873; and Philadelphia, 1876.

                         Founded in 1832.

                        Branch Warehouses:
                         85 & 87 John St.
                             NEW YORK,
                                AND
                         197 Lake Street,
                             CHICAGO.

                _For Sale by all Regular Dealers._

                 *       *       *       *       *




THE THIRTY-FOURTH VOLUME

OF THE

American Missionary,

1880.


We have been gratified with the constant tokens of the increasing
appreciation of the MISSIONARY during the past year, and purpose to
spare no effort to make its pages of still greater value to those
interested in the work which it records.

Shall we not have a largely increased subscription list for 1880?

A little effort on the part of our friends, when making their own
remittances, to induce their neighbors to unite in forming Clubs,
will easily double our list, and thus widen the influence of our
Magazine, and aid in the enlargement of our work.

Under the editorial supervision of Rev. C. C. PAINTER, aided by the
steady contributions of our intelligent Missionaries and teachers
in all parts of the field, and with occasional communications from
careful observers and thinkers elsewhere, the AMERICAN MISSIONARY
furnishes a vivid and reliable picture of the work going forward
among the Indians, the Chinamen on the Pacific Coast, and the
Freedmen as citizens in the South and as Missionaries in Africa.

It will be the vehicle of important views on all matters affecting
the races among which it labors, and will give monthly summary of
current events relating to their welfare and progress.

Patriots and Christians interested in the education and
Christianizing of these despised races are asked to read it, and
assist in its circulation. Begin with the next number and the new
year. The price is only Fifty Cents per annum.

The Magazine will be sent gratuitously, if preferred, to the
persons indicated on page 318.

Donations and subscriptions should be sent to

                                   H. W. HUBBARD, Treasurer,
                                        56 Reade Street, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *


TO ADVERTISERS.

Special attention is invited to the advertising department of the
AMERICAN MISSIONARY. Among its regular readers are thousands of
Ministers of the Gospel, Presidents, Professors and Teachers in
Colleges, Theological Seminaries and Schools; it is, therefore,
a specially valuable medium for advertising Books, Periodicals,
Newspapers, Maps, Charts, Institutions of Learning, Church
Furniture, Bells, Household Goods, &c.

Advertisers are requested to note the moderate price charged for
space in its columns, considering the extent and character of its
circulation.

Advertisements must be received by the TENTH of the month, in order
to secure insertion in the following number. All communications in
relation to advertising should be addressed to

          THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT,
                                        56 Reade Street, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

☞ Our friends who are interested in the Advertising Department of
the “American Missionary” can aid us in this respect by mentioning,
when ordering goods, that they saw them advertised in our Magazine.




ANNUAL MEETING

OF THE

AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION.

       *       *       *       *       *

The AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION will hold its Thirty-fourth
Annual Meeting in the City of Norwich, Conn., on the 12th, 13th and
14th of October, 1880. The several sessions of this meeting will be
held in the Broadway Church, Rev. L. T. CHAMBERLAIN, D. D., Pastor.
The opening session will begin at 3 o’clock P. M. of Tuesday, the
12th, when the Report of the Executive Committee will be read. In
the evening, at 7.30, the Annual Sermon will be preached by the
Rev. WM. M. TAYLOR, D. D., of the Broadway Tabernacle, New York
City. The citizens of Norwich will receive and cordially entertain
all friends of the work of the Association who, desiring to attend,
shall make application for entertainment before the first day of
October. The Chairman of the Committee of Entertainment, CHARLES E.
DYER, to whom all such applications should be addressed, will send
out, on the above date, cards of hospitality, introducing those who
have made known their purpose of attending, to the host by whom
they will be entertained. Those receiving such cards will please
communicate at once with the person to whom they are introduced,
announcing their purpose of attending, at what time they will
arrive in Norwich, and whether they will remain during the meeting,
so that hospitality may have no unnecessary burdens to bear. Those
failing to receive such a card by the 6th of October will please
inform the Chairman of the fact. An early application will greatly
lighten the burden of the Committee, and will be duly appreciated.
Those paying full fare one way to attend the meeting, will be
furnished free return tickets on the following railroads: New York
and New England, New London and Northern, Norwich and Worcester,
Worcester and Nashua, Stonington, Boston and Providence, Boston,
Barre and Gardner, Passumpsic, Central Vermont; and by steamers of
the Norwich and New York Line. The Conn. River Road will sell round
trip tickets to those who attend the meeting.

Any needed additional information will be given to those applying
to the Chairman of the Committee of Arrangements, Norwich, Conn.

                         W. S. PALMER,
                               Chairman Committee of Arrangements.


DAVID H. GILDERSLEEVE, PRINTER, 101 CHAMBERS STREET, NEW YORK.




Transcriber’s Notes:


Unusual spellings that do not appear to be printer’s errors have
been retained.

Obvious punctuation misprints have been corrected.

Changed “fo” to “for” in the Marshalltown entry on page 316.

Ditto marks in tables were replaced by the text they represent in
order to facilitate alignment for eBooks.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The American Missionary -- Volume 34,
No. 10, October, 1880, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK AMERICAN MISSIONARY, OCTOBER 1880 ***

***** This file should be named 55069-0.txt or 55069-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/5/0/6/55069/

Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, KarenD and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This
file was produced from images generously made available
by Cornell University Digital Collections)

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.







